Abhishek Kumar



	Address:	Email: HYPERLINK "../abhishek.doc" abisekwins@yahoo.co.in 

22, D-2 Hermesh Heritage	Ph: +91-9890661632

Shastri Nagar, Pune

	Maharashtra – India





                         

Profile

Software Engineer having 25 months (2+ Yrs) of experience in information
technology. Has been involved in software design and development of web
based applications using PERL, Oracle, MySQL, and exposed to entire SDLC
including requirement analysis, program design, implementation,
debugging and testing.

Technical Expertise

Operating System	Linux, Unix, Sun Solaris, Windows (98, 2000, XP)

Languages	CGI/PERL(mod_perl,Embed Perl), Exposure to Java, C, Shell
Script

Script

Databases	Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server 2000

Web Servers	Apache

        

Professional Experience

Working as a Software Engineer in CYBAGE Software Pvt. Ltd. (An SEI-CMMI
Level 5), Pune since Jan-06.

Worked as Software Engineer in IndiaMart InterMesh Ltd. (ISO 9001:2000
certified), Noida from Nov-04 to Jan-06.

Project Details

DREAM (Direct Response Email Application Manager)

Client	Epsilon Interactive  (NY, US)

Team Size	4

Duration	Working on this since June-06

Company	Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd.

Environment	PERL, Oracle, MySQL, Shell Script, Apache, Linux, Sun
Solaris



Epsilon Interactive is the leading provider of strategic, ROI focused
email marketing solutions and marketing automation technologies. Epsilon
Interactive's Direct Response Email Application Manager (DREAM) platform
serves as the heart of market-leading email marketing technology
capabilities. Built with client’s diverse needs in mind, DREAM
embodies Epsilon Interactive's ongoing commitment to engineer an
easy-to-use, state-of-the-art email marketing technology platform, which
enables relevant, contextual communications with customers and prospects
and subsequently helps marketers maximize ROI.



Roles and Responsibilities

Analyzing the problem through direct interaction with client.

Transforming need into design and then developing the application from
design.

Creating notification mailing scripts for the errors coming into log
files.

Providing support to clients for service requests. 

Fixing the bugs including the examination of severity and priority.





APS (Alabanza Professional Services)

Client	Alabanza Web Hosting Solutions (Maryland, US)

Team Size	3

Duration	Jan 2006 to June 2006

Company	Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd.

Environment	PERL, Oracle, MySQL, Shell Script, Apache, Linux



Alabanza is a leader in automated hosting solutions. This system has 2
sections first one is DSM (Domain System Manager) and second one is CP
(Control Panel). DSM is a secure, comprehensive and automated hosting
management system. DSM will save your business valuable resources by
automating all of the time-consuming tasks associated with running a
hosting business. The Control Panel (CP) is a powerful, easy-to-use
software that each of your hosting customers will use to manage their
hosting account. Up to 60 applications can be utilized through the
Control Panel. Customize the Control Panel’s look and feel by choosing
a layout, editing its name, logo, colors, tool categories and icon
graphics. 



Roles and Responsibilities

Analyzing the problem through direct interaction with client.

Transforming need into design and then developing the application from
design.

Fixing the bugs including the examination of severity and priority using
Bugzilla Tracking Tool.



Trade-Zeal

Client	IndiaMart InterMesh Ltd (Noida, India)

Team Size	2

Duration	Nov 2005 to Jan 2006

Company	IndiaMart InterMesh Ltd

Environment	PERL, MySQL, Linux



IndiaMART.com is a B2B marketplace that assists buyers and sellers trade
with each other at a reliable, common platform. India’s largest B2B
marketplace, since 1996 and Recognized by CNBC & BBC for its
contribution to Indian suppliers. 

This new system is intended to provide information of Indian companies
and is a step towards making IndiaMart global. By this system we are
collecting information of companies from all over the world.

Roles and Responsibilities

Analyzing the pattern of details of different websites containing the
directory of companies.

Writing scripts for parsing the valuable information from the website
and storing them into database using regular expression.



BHP (Business Home Page)

Client	IndiaMart InterMesh Ltd (Noida, India)

Team Size	3

Duration	April 2005 to Nov 2005

Company	IndiaMart InterMesh Ltd

Environment	CGI/PERL, mod_perl, Oracle, Apache, Linux



This system provides online support to P-CAT system. Using this system
small industry (which is the target user) can select their own choice of
template, add corresponding data, choose URL and make it live without
the any involvement of the system provider.

Roles and Responsibilities

Analyzing and designing the system by understanding the requirements of
clients.

Making the user friendly interface by which users can store their data,
images into database.

Compatibility Testing under IE, Mozilla and NetScape.



P-CAT( Product Catalog)

Client	IndiaMart InterMesh Ltd (Noida, India)

Team Size	7

Duration	Nov 2004 to March 2005

Company	IndiaMart InterMesh Ltd

Environment	CGI/PERL, mod_perl, Embed Perl, Oracle, Apache, Linux



This system provides a way for automating the whole process of
developing the dynamic templates. It provides a single platform on which
customer (small industries) it self can add & remove their products and
services and maintain their site dynamically. They can also track their
deals and transactions by integrating it with the Payment Gateways.

Roles and Responsibilities

Analyzing the static websites.

Creating templates for static websites making them dynamic by which they
can take data and images from database.

Compatibility Testing under IE, Mozilla and NetScape.



Educational Qualification & Achievements

 

B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering with 71.60% marks from
Krishna Institute of Engineering and Technology, Ghaziabad (affiliated
to U.P Technical University, Lucknow). 

Intermediate with 64.60% marks from Government Intermediate College,
Allahabad (affiliated to U.P. Board, Allahabad).

High School with 70.20% marks from Janta Shiksha Niketan Inter College,
Dubari, Mau (U.P Board). 

Obtained GATE Score of 95.97 Percentile.

  

