RESUME

Jayendra R . Wani						Address:-

B.E.(Electrical Electronics And Power)			B1/C-508,Devadiga CHS,

CDAC								Om Ngr, Andheri(East)         E-mail   HYPERLINK
"mailto:jayendra_wani@yahoo.com"  jayendra_wani@yahoo.com 				Mumbai-99

								Mob. 9821260252

	

Objective

To pursue a rewarding career in software field and to associate with an
organization, which progress dynamically, and gives me an opportunity to
use my knowledge for the success of an organization.

	Work Experience

Total IT Work experience: 1.3 Year.

May 2006 to Till Date    HRMantra Software Pvt. Ltd., Malad (west),
Mumbai

	Project 	       : Online Payroll and HR related software

	Technology Used   : ASP.NET, VB.NET, SQL, Oracle

	Software Constraints:

	           Back-End   : MS-SQL, Oracle

	           Front-End  : VB.NET

                     Tools         : MS Visual Studio.Net 2000, SQL
Enterprise Manager

   	 Role                    : Coding, Database Design, Testing

Project Description: Our Company provides the online ERP package like
Payroll, HR, Leave and Attendance, Staffing. We tried to make this
product a much more user-friendly than other available software. We
provide package e.g. Payroll for an organization @ RS. 30/- per Employee
per month.

	I worked on Employee assets, Employee superannuation fund and employee
appraisal part of this product.

Sept 2005 to March 2006 Vishwayon Management and Software Pvt. Ltd.,
Andheri           (East), Mumbai as a Software Developer (Trainee)     

Project Details:

Project		            : Mangalore Stores

Client		            : Mangalore Stores, Mangalore 

Technology Used	  : VB.NET, ASP.NET, MSSQL

Software Constraints:

	     Back-End    : MS-SQL

	     Front-End   : VB.NET

               Tools          : MS Visual Studio.Net 2000, SQL
Enterprise Manager

 Role                      : Coding, Database Design, Testing

Project Description:

This product provides the online shopping for customers. This product is
developed targeting those people who do not have a time to go to market
and purchase the things. Our solution gives the facility to these people
of purchasing the desired things just by sitting on a chair and just
filling some information required.

For this project I had developed some windows forms that will be used by
company for its internal use.

April 2003 to March 2004    Electrovision Enterprises, Dombivili (East),
Mumbai as an         Electrical Engineer

Job Responsibilities: 

Installation, Supervision of sites

Purchasing of material

To help in filling and submitting application for getting contract

Academic Projects

CDAC Project   “Online Stock Trading”

The solution deals with ‘Online Stock Trading’. The project is
planned for a bank, providing dematting service. This software provides
all the features of Online trading like purchasing and selling of
shares. It also gives information about various companies; there share
prices and number of shares out, through numerical and graphical
representation.

Technology Used : C#, ASP.NET

Duration             : 2 Weeks

Team Size           : 5

Role                   : Design and coding (database and components)

Software Constraints

     Back-end       : MS-SQL

     Front-end      : VB.NET

     Component    : C#

Architecture        : Three tier – component based

Tools                  : MS-Visual Studio 2003, SQL Enterprise Manager

Hardware Requirements: IBM PC, RAM 512 MB and HDD 40 GB

B.E. Project “Traffic Signal Controlling Using Microprocessor 8085”

This solution facilitates to adjust the time and display the time
according to traffic density. For this project we used Microprocessor
8085 in mode 0 with interfacing IC 8255. We designed this project for
our college Microprocessor Lab. We select this project to get the idea
of Microprocessor’s application in real world.

D.E.E. Project “Reverse Power Protection of Alternator Using Amplitude
Comparator”

Basically Alternator is used for supplying the power. This product
protect the Alternator when it itself takes power rather than supplying.

Software Knowledge

Hardware Platform		: IBM PC P-IV 3GHz

Operating System		: Windows 2000 Professional

Programming Language	: C, C++, Java, C#, VB.NET

RDBMS			: Oracle 9i, MS-SQL

Web Technologies		: HTML, JavaScript and ASP.NET

Web/Application Server	: IIS 5.0

Tools				: SQL Enterprise Manager

Application Software		: MS Visual Studio.Net 2000, MS Visual Studio .Net
2003

Educational Qualifications

Aug 2005 Post Graduate Diploma in Advance Computing (CDAC) from MET,
Bandra (west), Mumbai 

July 2002 B.E. in Electrical Electronics and Power from P.E.S. College
of Engineering under Dr.B.A.M.University with 65.6%

June 1999 Diploma in Electrical Engineering from Govt. Polytechnic,
Jalgaon under Maharashtra State Board Of Technical Education with 65.56%

June 1996 H.S.C. from M.J.College, Jalgaon under Nashik Board with
72.17%

June 1994 S.S.C. from Jalgaon under Nashik Board with 80.14%

 

	Achievements

>Awarded for 100 out of 100 marks in Engineering Mathematics during
Diploma First Year.

>Participated in various sports events organized in college.

	

									 

         Jayendra R. Wani

                             

