Curriculum Vitae

Mr. Abhijit Mhatre

A-4, Om Shree Gokul, Near McDonalds, S. V. Road, Borivli (w),
Mumbai-400092.

Mob. No.: 9892452519              		Email: mhatre_abhijit@rediffmail.com

Objective: 

Searching for a position in an organization that offer’s development
and growth possibilities.

Work Experience:

Organization: Patni Computer System

Duration: 10 Month’s. 

Designation: Asp.net, C#, SQL 2000.

Reporting To: Project Leader. 

Organization: Logistix Information Technology

Duration: 8 Month’s. 

Designation: Asp.net, VB.net, SQL 2000.

Reporting To: Project Manager. 

Organization: U-To Solutions (India) Pvt. Ltd.

Duration: 10 Month’s. 

Designation: Asp.net, C# Developer.

Reporting To: Project Manager. 

Roles and Responsibilities:

Developing Applications in Asp.net with VB.net. 

Developing Applications in C# and Asp.net. 

Developing Store Procedure in SQL 2000

Designing of Software with Html, Dhtml and JavaScript.

                                           

Educational Qualification:   

Degree	Board / University	Year	Percentage (%)

BE Instrumentation	Mumbai University	June 2004	63.35

HSC	Maharashtra Board	March 1999	55.35

SSC	Maharashtra Board	March 1997	71.06



Technical Skills:

Software Skills

	Programming Languages	ASP.NET,VB.net ,C#

Web Technologies	HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript

Databases	SQL 2000, MS-Access

Application Server	IIS 5.1

Operation Systems	Windows 98 / 2000 / XP

Projects with PCS:

Project Name: Project Information System

Team Size: 		5

Role: 			Development and Designing.

Software: 		ASP.Net C#, SQL Server 2000.

Description: 	This project is a web based Solution to know Project
Status of a company. The project includes day to day status of projects
which are going in the company. It also includes all the difficulty and
problems in any department of any phase which could be seen to all the
member of particular project.

	All the member of particular project can add there comments, solutions
and tips for problems and future aspects of the projects. Even new task
and its status on graphical matrix can been known.

			

Project Name: PCS Fleet Management System.

Team Size: 		5

Role: 			Development and Designing.

Software: 		ASP.Net C#, SQL Server 2000.

Description: 		This project is a web vehicle Tracking System.

			Which include Real time Tracking Screen and Analysis Reports.

There is GPRS unit which emits message on event based or on particular
time event .The message include latitude ,longitude ,temperature of the
product ,all door status, ignition  status ,fuel count and various
sensor information of particular vehicle on which the unit is placed
.Depending on this information we can set alerts And even we can inform
the owner about the status of there vehicle and its content .We also
store the information  depend upon the data  we customise the reports .

Projects with Logistix:

Project Name: Gas Project

Team Size: 		4

Role: 			Development and Designing.

Software: 		ASP.Net VB.Net, SQL Server 2000.

Description: 		This project is a web based ERP developed for GAS Project


Which include Marketing, Finance, H.R, Inventory module. Gas Project is
actually Petrol Pumps Setup Company .So in the marketing Module include
the Cost and Facility and Security offer by the company Different type
of setups It also includes the rates offer by the competitors And also
have comparison option. 

Finance module Include the bills, payments and Cost and Loans Option 
Available with company.

Hr Module include employee Schedule, Employee Attendance ,Employee
information  Details.

Inventory module keeps track of materials in the ware house with proper
version and Stock maintenance 

Project Name: N.S.B.S

Team Size: 		4

Role: 			Development and Designing.

Software: 		ASP.Net, SQL Server 2000.

Description: 	This project is a web based application developed for OTIS
for Generating Service Bill for the company.

Personal Details:

Date of Birth	10th September 1981

Hobbies & Interest	Music.

Languages Know	English, Marathi, Hindi

Nationality	Indian



