Umesh Surywanshi						                HYPERLINK
"mailto:umeshsur@rediffmail.com"  umeshsur@rediffmail.com 

Mobile - 9923646202          

Objective

To pursue a challenging and satisfying career and to be a part of a
progressive and growth oriented Organization that give me scope to
enhance my knowledge and skills to cope up with the latest technological
changes.

Experience summary

About 2.5 years Information Technology experience working on development
projects in various Banking applications using Java/J2EE Technologies.

Currently Working With HSBC Global Technology (HSBC Software Development
India), Pune, India as Software Engineer (Java Developer).

Educational Qualification

Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics in May 2003.  

Ramrao Adik Institute Of Technology. Mumbai University.

HSC in Feb 1999.

K. V. Pendharkar College. Mumbai Board.	

SSC in Mar 1997.

Swami Viveka Nand Vidya Mandir. Mumbai Board.

IT EXPOSURE:

Operating System 	:	WINDOWS 98/2000/XP/NT.



Languages	:	Core Java/J2EE (Servlet’s, Portlet’s), JSP, JDBC, UML

Mark ups	:	HTML, XML



Application Servers

	:	WebSphere 5.x/6.x



Databases	:	ORACLE, SQL.

Software’s Handled 	:	IBM Web Sphere Application Development 5.1.2,
Rational Rose, MKS Integrity.



TOTAL WORK EXPERIENCE:  28 months

Company:   HSBC -Global Technology Center India – Pune 

Project		 	:	Quickstep European Enhancements

Client	            	:	HSBC-UK, Hungary, Slovakia, Ireland, Poland, Czech

Languages	:	JAVA, J2EE, JSP, XML, XSLT

Duration	 	:	9 months (July 06 to Mar 07)

Role 		             	:	Onsite Developer and Coordinator.



Project Details: -

This project is used currently by five European countries Hungary,
Slovakia, Ireland, Poland, and Czech. This project is developed in
household bank in UK named HFC.This application is used to provide loan,
store card and credit card for different customers. This project uses
HFC’s (household bank in UK overtaken by HSBC) Quickstep framework.

My Role: -

I was involved in analyses of the requirements provided by business.
Also I have submitted estimations for all the requirements. 

I was involved in development of the requirements. While development I
have conducted many video/conference calls with business. I also did
coordination with AS400/backend team from UK & India. I have done
coordination for other front-end teams in India.

I was involved in end-to-end testing of front-end & AS400/backend also
involved in system test support. I resolved bugs raised in quality
center. I was involved in Build and deployment process of code using
MKS.

Finally after implementation I was involved in production support for
final completion.

Thus I have followed complete software life cycle for this project.

I was also worked as an Onsite coordinator for this project as well as
other quickstep projects in India, which involved different coordination
activities and resolving issues for offshore Team by communicating with
the analysts time to time.

Project		 	:	Business Internet Banking (Priority Payments)

Client	            	:	HSBC-UK

Languages	:	JAVA, J2EE, JSP, XML.

Duration	 	:	7 months (Dec 05 to Jun 06)

Role 		             	:	Developer



Project Details: -

CHAPS:

BIB includes functionality to create sterling to sterling payments for
same day value processing through CHAPS.  These payments tend to be low
volume, high value types of payments to third party beneficiaries.

UK BIB is required to support the creation of CHAPS Payments.  The
Electronic Delivery Priority Payments (EDPP) system supports the routing
of CHAPS payments for HSBC Bank plc.  To provide a consistent solution,
all CHAPS Payments created in BIB are routed through EDPP for
processing. EDPP interfaces with the MPS system to process the payments.


EDPP also supports the creation and maintenance of Beneficiary
templates.

The BIB CHAPS Payments service includes the following business functions
assuming the access rights for the BIB User include the CHAPS Payments
service:

Creation of sterling-to-sterling CHAPS Payments for immediate payment.

Creation of Payments to pre-defined Beneficiaries from the Beneficiary
List 

Verification of payment value against defined BIB Customer and User
specific limits. 

Verification of payment value against available funds.

Creation of Beneficiary templates.

Maintenance of Beneficiary templates

Authorisation of CHAPS payments above creating user limits.

SWIFT:

BIB includes functionality to create international payments in any
currency using the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial
Telecommunications (SWIFT) payment mechanism.  These payments will be
for below bookable amounts in currencies permitted by Treasury payable
to third party beneficiaries.

BIB is required to support the creation of SWIFT Payments.  The
Electronic Delivery Priority Payments (EDPP) system supports the routing
of SWIFT payments for HSBC Bank plc.  To provide a consistent solution,
all SWIFT Payments created in BIB are routed through EDPP for
processing.  EDPP interfaces with the Midland Payments System (MPS) to
process the payments.

EDPP also supports the creation and maintenance of Beneficiary
templates.

The BIB SWIFT Payments service includes the following business
functions:

Creation of international payments in any currency permitted by Treasury
via SWIFT for immediate payment.

Creation of international payments to pre-defined Beneficiaries from the
Beneficiary List 

Verification of payment value against defined BIB Customer and User
specific limits. 

Verification of payment value against available funds.

Creation of Beneficiary templates.

Maintenance of Beneficiary templates

Authorisation of SWIFT payments above creating user limits.

My Role: -

Involved in development of various modules like CHAPS Payment, SWIFT
Payment.

Prepared Unit test plans for these modules. Executed test cases.

Analysis of client requirement.

Analysis of design after gathering client requirements. 

Involved in system test support by analyzing various defects and
supported on site team whenever required.

Participated in teleconferences and team meetings and provided timely
inputs critical to the smooth progress of the project.

.

Project		 	:	Internet Invoice Finance 

Client	            	:	HSBC UK

Languages	:	JAVA, J2EE, JSP, XML.

Duration	 	:	8 months (Apr 05 to Nov 05)

Role 		             	:	Developer



Project Details:

The Internet Invoice Finance (IIF) on-line information system helps in
successful operation of the Invoice finance facilities like View the
Cash Available, Request Transfer of funds to your account, View the
Payments received, Set up new customer, View Sales Ledger, Mailing
facility, Download reports and etc. 

 

My Role:-

I was responsible to understand the use case, raise queries regarding
the Use case Specs clarifications if required and create Unit Test
Plans. I prepared class diagrams, sequence diagrams, collaboration
diagrams using Rational Rose. I developed few modules, specific to the
application. I was also involved in developing a dummy prototype model
of the various functionalities in Java Script and HTML before actual
live implementation of the module. I was also involved in Code reviews,
preparing Unit Test plans and performing Unit testing. I was responsible
for some extent in support during Integration and system testing.

Company:   Sigma Tech India, Mumbai

Project		 	:	Learning Management System

Client	            	:	McGraw-Hill, USA

Software	      	:	Java, Jsps, Apache Tomcat Server.

Duration	 	:	5 months (Dec 04 to Mar 05)

Role 		             	:	Development



Project Details:

A Learning Management System (or LMS) is a software package that enables
the management and delivery of online content to learners. Most LMSs are
web-based to facilitate "anytime, any place" access to learning content
and administration. Typically an LMS allows for learner registration,
delivery of learning activities, and learner assessment in an online
environment. More comprehensive LMSs often include tools such as
competency management, skills-gap analysis, succession planning,
certifications, and resource allocation (venues, rooms, textbooks,
instructors, etc.).

My Role:

Worked as a Software Programmer on the development of LMS (Learning
Management System) for the Client McGraw - Hill based in USA. LMS is
basically a huge educational online system. Software/Technology/Tools
used were Apache Tomcat, Oracle 9i, JSP, Java, Servlets, J2EE, JDBC.

Responsibilities included were - 

(a) Detailed analysis of the requirements. 

(b) Development of the application using Java / J2ee with Tomcat as the
web server.

(c) Testing for the same.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name	:	Umesh V Surywanshi

Age	:	24 years

Date of Birth	:	27-04-1982

Sex	:	Male

Martial Status	:	Unmarried

Nationality	:	Indian

Permanent Address

	:	B/20, Bell CHS, Manpada Road, Anand Nagar, Dombivli (E) – 421201,
Maharashtra, India.

Contact Number	:	91-251-2454062 Cell: 9923646202

Languages Known	:	English, Hindi and Marathi



PASSPORT DETAILS:

Passport Number	F6996926

Issued Date	28/02/2006

Expiry Date 	28/02/2016

Status    	ECNR



Declaration

                  I hereby declare that the above written particulars
are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

                            			 Umesh Surywanshi.

