Kumar Saurabh Jain 

Flat No.12 Dhane Building

Karve Nagar, Pune-52

Cell: 09423236899                                  

Professional Summary

Currently working as Software associate in Kanbay from Jan, 2006,
presently I am a part of project Sales Engine – II where my role is of
developer. Willing to work in the latest growing technology as J2EE/ Dot
Net as I already have completed a course at NIIT, Pune for these
technologies.

Skills Profile

Technical

Operating System		Win XP

Environment		PFC, J2EE

Database		MS SQL server 2000, Sybase 

Internet Tools		HTML, Java Beans, EJB

Languages		C, C++, Core Java

Other		UML, XML, VB.net



Functional

Management and Leadership Skills	Worked as a key player during project
phase during collage days and NIIT.



Professional Experience

Sales Engine - II 	From 02/2006 till date 

Developer

	• 	Part of the core team of the the project (FR-SB)

• 	The role of this core team is Solution Builder window redesign.

• 	main purpose of this SB window redesign is to make the window more
user friendly and easy to use so that its use can be increased udring
loan process.

Environment: We are using win XP as OS for this project, it is the part
of Vision system. For this we are using PB 80 and PFC as programmming
language and Sybase as database

Summary of Projects

Sales Engine - II	

Developer

The purpose of this project is to increase Sale’s usage of Solutions
Builder and Sales Engine functionality.   Modifications to existing
Sales Tool (Solutions Builder) will help branch operations easily
identify and compare products/programs that are best fit to the customer

Training and Seminars

Vocational training in BSNL for 15 days (collage days)

Various seminars on technical topics during collage period

Education

University/Board         	         Institute                        
Degree/Course               Year

RGPV Bhopal  	           GRKIST, Jabalpur (M.P.)       B.E. (Elex. &
Comm.)          2004

Professional Organizations

Did a 4 month course at NIIT, Pune (ANIIT) for fields as C++, JAVA,
J2EE, VB.Net, ASP.Net, MS SQL server 2000, UML, XML etc.

