Mohammed Ayaz Hussain Hundrug.

  HYPERLINK "mailto:mayaazh@yahoo.co.in"  mayaazhh@gmail.com 				Room
No:206 Taha Manzil Armstrong        

Contact: +91-9886238980			road ShivajiNagar Bangalore 560001

Objective

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment
with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore
myself fully and realize my potential.  Willing to work as a key player
in challenging and creative environment.





Qualification	B.E (Information Science Engineering) from VTU, Belgaum.
Karnataka.

Intermediate from PU Board, Karnataka.

SSLC from Karnataka Secondary Education Board, Karnataka. 





Current Job Activities

Presently I am working as a Software Engineer. I am responsible for
analysing and developing new applications. My job includes Software
Development and involved in requirement analysis. 



Professional Summary	1+ years of experience in JAVA and J2EE.

Company	CGI-Netvorks Bangalore (Karnataka).

Date 	July ’06 to Till Date

Designation	Software Engineer  (Java/J2ee)



Summary of Expertise and Experience

Programming Languages            : Java.

Web Technologies                      : JSP, Servlets, JDBC.

Internet Tools                             : HTML.

Framework                                 : Struts.

Application Server/Web Server : WebLogic 8.1 and Tomcat5.0.

RDBMS                                         : Oracle 8i, MySql.

Operating Systems                     : Windows98/2000/XP.

Web Scripting                              : Java Scripting

IDE                                               : Eclipse3.2,
Jbuilder.



PROJECT DESCRIPTION



PROJECT # 1

Project Name	Information Share Portal (ISP)



Project Description	Information Share Portal is an application to share
the information between people/users in an efficient way. User can
register and become owner of the space. All authentications on this
application are based on Open ID.  Owner can create notes, maintain
address book. Owner can maintain buddy list and specify whether
owner’s buddy list can access the information provided by the owner.
For each note owner putting permission for the group to access the note.
Buddy in the buddy list need not be compulsorily registered user of this
application. 

Role	Developer

Software	Environment	Windows XP

	Technologies	 Java, JDBC, Servlet, JSP.

	          Database	MySql

	          Server	Apache Tomcat

Contribution	Involved in coding Jdbc, Servlet and JSP

Implementing Business logic

Duration	8 Months	Team Size	5



PERSONAL DETAILS



Father Name	Md. Ismail. Hussain.

E-mail	mayaazhh@gmail.com

Date Of Birth	19th  November 1983

Sex	Male

Marital Status	Single

Languages Known	English, Hindi and Urdu.

Nationality	Indian

Permanent

Address	Bilalabad colony kbn engg 

college road gulbarga 585104 

Karnataka Ph No: 08472-241935

 

	

								(Mohammed Ayaaz)

