Asesh Kumar Maity

Email  : aseshmaity@hotmail.com

             asesh_maity@rediffmail.com

Mobile : +91-9892809269



	

Work Experience:

2.5  years of experience in the Web oriented Microsoft .NET technology.

Present Employer: 

Presently I am working with Tata Interactive System, Mumbai as a
Software Engineer.I am working in this company since July 2006 to till
date.

Previous Employer: 

I worked for  Byzan Systems Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai as Software Developer. I
worked in this comapny from - Oct 2005 to June 2006.

I worked for  ABM Knowledgeware Ltd. Mumbai as Associate Developer. I
worked in this comapny from - Dec 2004 to Sept 2005.

Technical Skills: 

Programming Languages	 : C#,VB.Net.

Web Technologies   	 : ASP. Net 1.1/2.0 using C#, HTML.

Scripting Languages         : VB Script, Java Script.

Database 			 : MicroSoft SQL Server 2000.

EAI Tools 			 : Knowledge on Microsoft Biztalk Server 2004.

Qualification:

Master of computer Application. (M.C.A) from North Maharastra University
(N.M.U), 

     Institute of Management and research, Jalgaon, Maharastra (M.S).

B.Sc. (Phys,Math,Elect.) from Dr.B.A Marathwada University
Aurangabad,Maharastra (M.S).

	

Project Exposure : 

I Knowledge Syncronicity : -  

Company    			: Tata Interactive Systems. Mumbai

Frontend     		          : ASP.NET 2.0 using C# & Javascript.

Database         		: Sql Server 2000.	

Role                                     : Involved in the project from
the development stage. Apart from coding 

					   Database  handling like stored procedure,cursors are done. 	

	

Details                               : IKS is an online education
portal in which engineering students can,read,view and purchase the
CAD,CAM courses.My role in this project is to create the E-Commerce
module. It contains online purchase of Course,Assessments and Physical
merchandise for individual and team users.

Duration  	             	: From Jan 2007 to April 2007.

Bank Of Montreal : -  

Company    			: Tata Interactive Systems. Mumbai

Frontend     		          : ASP.NET 2.0 using C# & Javascript.

Database         		: Sql Server 2000.	

Team Size			: Six.

Role                                     : Involved in the project from
the prototype stage. Functional Specification Document for certain
modules was done. The use cases, method defining and defining Stored
Procedures was done for certain modules.After the prototype stage during
the actual production of certain modules were independently handled. 

Details                                    :  This Product is developed
for Bank of Montreal, Canada, which is a E-Learning Product. This
includes a Learning Infrastructure [LI] and Authoring Tool [AT]. With
the help of this tool the bank employees will undergo training for
different subjects. Using the LI, the admin creates login for the users.
The admin will create the courses using the AT. The Learner can take the
courses using the LI.The courses are of three types. Dhtml, Flash &
Jaws. The jaws version of the course is 508 compliant.

Duration  	           	: From July 2006 Jan 2007.

Motor Claims Systems : -  

Company 			:  Byzan Systems Pvt Ltd. Mumbai.	

Front End			:  ASP.net Using C#.

Database 			:  MicroSoft SQLServer 2000.

Operating System		:  Windows 2000 professional.

Team Size			:  Three.

Role				:  Coding UI,Class.

Details                              :  This is a web application of
Claims of Motor Vehicles undergone    by ICICI Lombard at 4 locations in
India.This system explores how ICICI Lombard processes the Claims of
motor vehicles.The processes starts according to the users and according
to their jobs they updates the claims and forwarded to the next
corresponding Users.

Duration 			: Oct 2005 to May 2006

ABMAQUA : -  

Company 			:  ABM Knowledgeware Ltd. Mumbai.

Front End			:  ASP.net Using C#.

Database 			:  MicroSoft SQLServer 2000.

Operating System		:  Windows 2000 professional.

Team Size			:  Eight.

Role				:  Coding UI,Class.

Details                               :  It is about Computerization of
Water Will department of MCGM at 31 locations.System caters to typical
needs of utility like Granting of new Connection, Meter Reading For
Monthly /Quarterly cycle, Disconnections of meter, Meter Cut Off, Meter
Restoration Information, Generation of water bill, Amendment of billing
Information, Cancellation bills, Disputes & Settlements of bills,
Generation Of Supplementary bill, Deposit collection, Receipts.

Duration 			: May 2005 to Sept 2005

Crown Prince Private Management : -  

          

Company 			:  ABM Knowledgeware Ltd. Mumbai.

Front End			:  ASP.net Using VB.

Database 			:  MicroSoft SQLServer 2000.

Operating System		:  Windows 2000 professional.

Team Size			:  Eight.

Role				:  Designer,Programmer.

Details                                                Details          
                     : This project is a mini ERP system developed for
company named Management of Presidential Affairs that manages the
properties of Prince of Abu Dhabi. It includes various modules like
Inventory, Stores, Purchase, HR, Payroll, Accounts, Project and
Documents. It includes Control level security that implemented in each
page.For reporting Crystal Reports are used as reporting tool.

Duration 			:  Dec 2004 to May 2005

Training Project Exposure : 

Company 			: Techsoft Nirvana (India) Pvt. Ltd

Front End			: ASP. Net using C#.

Database 			: Microsoft SQL Server 2000.

Operating System		: Windows XP.

Team Size			: Four.

Role				: Designing and Programming.

Project Details	          : This is a web based application of Staffing
Power.This site provides temporary Employees and Helps the people
according to their needs. This site was done under the leadership of
Mr.Balbhim Dhere, Proj.Leader Of TechSoft Nirvana (I) Pvt.Ltd. Pune,
Maharashtra.

Duration 			:  Dec 2003 to April 2004

Personnel Information:-		

Date of Birth 		: 2nd July, 1977

Martial Status 		: Single.

Languages Known 		: Hindi, English,Bengali.

Passport Details                : Applied for.

Address		           : 202A Surendra Appartment,

Hira Nagar.

Mulund (West)

Mumbai -80

Place   : Mumbai 

Date    :

Asesh Kumar Maity

 PAGE   2 

 PAGE   1 

