         		

							          		Tel: 09867097874

S.K.Moinuddin.             	                                            
             Mail Id:syedmoin82@gmail.com

         

Objective

Seeking a challenging career as Software professional that encourages
continuous learning & creative exposures to new ideas which stimulates
professional & personal growth.

Summary of Experience

Having 2 years of work experience in C#.Net, ASP.Net, ADO.Net and SQL
Server 2000.

Actively involved in the Software development, implementation and
maintenance of application. 

Knowledge in developing applications using .Net Framework.

Experienced in Object oriented programming with knowledge of building
multi-tier architecture based distributed applications.

Design & Development of web applications using C#, ASP.NET, HTML and SQL
Server 2000.

Strong at ADO.NET Programming.

Highly self-motivated and goal-oriented professional.

Work Experience

Working as a Software Engineer in SYNTEL Limited, Mumbai from November
2006 to till date.

Worked as a Programmer in SMART SOFT (A division of Specific Infotech
Pvt, Ltd), Hyderabad from June 2005 to November 2006.

Educational Qualification

Bachelor’s Degree in Electronics & Communication Engineering from JNT
University.   

Technical Proficiency

Operating Systems	: Windows 98, XP, 2000 Server

Languages		: C#, VB.Net

Front-end Tools	: Microsoft Visual Studio .Net

RDBMS		: SQL Server 2000

Internet Technologies	: HTML, XML, ASP.Net

Professional Summary: -

Project 1:

Project Name 	Patron Information System

Client	Moody Investors Service 

Technologies	C#, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, SQLSERVER 2000.



Project Description: The main objective of this project is to maintain
clean data of customer’s world wide from different systems. This
intranet application also provides the facilities of Mail Merge, Email
Blasting, Template Creation, Segmentation, Email Status Reports and
Import /Export Customer’s Lists of the customers from or to different
system along with the Cleansing Activities of the customer’s database
to the users based on their roles.

Responsibilities:

Design and Development of the Web forms using ASP.NET, C#.

Developed user controls as per user requirements.

Used SQL Server in implementing the database with help of ADO.NET.

Involved in Developing Windows Services for Auto load module.

Project 2:

Project Name 	Smart Soft India.

Client	Specific Infotech Pvt,Ltd.

Technologies	Asp.Net with C#.Net, ADO.Net, SQLSERVER 2000.



Project Description: This project comprises of two modules one is Client
Module and the other is Administration Module. The Clients module is to
cover all the Clients proceedings for each and every client individually
where in Client Login and Password is provided for logging into the
Module. And the Administration module maintained for administration and
office purpose only, for making timely updates to the website and
keeping track of their various client visits. This is an ongoing
application with regular updates. 

Responsibilities:

Involved in developing the Login mechanism for the portal

Designed forms using ASP.NET and C#

Used SQL Server in implementing the database with help of ADO.NET.

Carry out tasks that are assigned as a part of the project's scope of
work, and meeting all expectations of the person assigning the task

Project 3:

Project Name 	Indu Projects Info Manager

Client	Indu Projects Limited

Technologies	 ASP.Net, JavaScript, ADO.Net, SQLSERVER 7.0.



Project Description: This project comprises of three modules Members,
Registration and Admin. Members Module is activated for every member
individually after he registers with the company in the open
registration form. This module again comprises of Login, New
Registrations, Accounts Info, and reports on Genealogy and Network
Report in a graphical manner. And the other module Admin comprises of
monitoring and maintaining the internal details, updating site
information and generating each member reports regarding the business
according to the requirements.

Responsibilities:

Design and Development of the Web forms using ASP.NET, C#.

Developed user controls as per user requirements.

Used SQL Server in implementing the database with help of ADO.NET.

.

Personal Details:

Fathers Name:    S.Ghouse Mohiddin.

Date Of Birth:     20-07-1983

