                           

CURRICULUM VITAE

Mandar Chandrakant Jambotkar                                    

F – 71, Behind Shopping Center,

Gandhinagar,

Nasik.

E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:mandarcjambotkar@gmail.com" 
mandarcjambotkar@gmail.com 	      Mobile : 9850039070

Professional Objective :

To learn, innovate and excel in a challenging work culture & pool in my
efforts in the organizational growth.

 Skill Set :

Language:	    		 C 

Operating System:	 Windows

Database: 	    		 SQL Server 2000

Tools :			 VB .NET, 

				 Replication over the Internet using SQL Server.

				 XML, Web Services, Remoting, 

 Client-Server Technology, Compact Framework,

				 Devices Programming i.e. WIN CE programming

 (Pocket PC / PPT / Vehicle Mount Computers)

 Programming for Bar-coding Technology using ZPL

(ZPL : Zebra Programming Language)

Professional Qualification :

B.E Computers from University of Pune. 

Diploma in Computer Technology from Board of Technical Education,
Mumbai.

Work Experience :

Was selected for Presentation / Demo of the Software at our 

esteemed client based in THE NETHERLANDS and thus also have the
experience of Requirement Gathering and Requirement Analysis at client
side.

Was Again selected for development And Deployment of On-Site project for
our client based in THE NETHERLANDS.

I have also successfully deployed an ambitious project developed a year
long at two locations based in Maharashtra in last Two consecutive
years.

 

Have done extensive research on SQL Server Replication Over the Internet
and also Implemented it successfully.

Have worked as system analyst for an SCM system for implementing
Bar-coding technology as an integral part of the system.

Have also successfully integrated ZPL (Zebra Programming Language) with
.NET.

My current platform of choice for development is  .NET. I have
developed applications in VB .NET for Pocket PC and Vehicle Mount
Computers as well.

The Pocket PC application is designed for Replication as fundamental
medium of Data Transfer.

While the Vehicle Mount Computer Application is designed for Web
Services as fundamental medium of Data Transfer.

Six months Free-Lancing experience.

Working with AgroFoyer Solutions Pvt Ltd since June 2005.

Major Projects/Domains 

OverVIEW : 

		We have developed solutions for the supply chain industry with special
focus on the produce supply chain. Our solutions range from simple Farm
Management systems to much more complex Business Management Systems
including Trade and Warehouse management for produce sector. While our
softwares are currently in use in India and THE NETHERLANDS.

Project Name:	Business Management system (Exporter Module)

CLIENT:	Cannot be disclosed.

OS:	 Windows

TOOLs used:	 VB.Net, SQL Server 2000, SQL Server Replication



Project Description

This is one of the module of the whole SCM system. This module is
designed for an Exporter. Exporter purchases goods from the growers and
exports it to the abroad nations. This module Not only helps in handling
operations, But also Finance part is taken care off.

This project was deployed in Three units of the same exporter
respectively at Sangli, Nasik and Satara.

These three units use to communicate with each other via REPLICATION.

The module comprises of communication with the wireless devices as well
as barcode printers printing the desired templates via POCKET PC’s.

Zebra barcode printers were used as an accessory with the module. Thus
Zebra Prog. language was successfully integrated with .NET

    Responsibilities Undertaken :

Did requirement gathering and analysis for an technical aspect of this
module.

Did research on SQL Server Replication and Successfully Implemented it
over the Internet.

Did Research and Analysis of the Bar-coding Technology.

Learned and Integrated ZPL (Zebra Programming language) with .NET. A
unique Barcode printing language used in applications supporting Barcode
Technology.

Design of the fundamentals Protocols for SCM using Barcode to be the
core of the entire system.

Did programming in VB .NET for desktop application as well as for POCKET
PC.

A separate module was designed and developed for Devices which used
Replication as fundamental medium of data transfer.

Did deployment of the same at client side and also provided support for
the same.

Project Name:	Business Management system (Importer Module)

CLIENT:	Cannot be disclosed.

OS:	 Windows

TOOLs used:	 VB.Net, SQL Server 2000,  WebServices, Remoting.



Project Description

This is one of the module of the whole SCM system. This module is
designed for an Importer. Importer receives the goods from an exporter.

He again exports to some other importers based either in Same country Or
in different nations. He also sells the goods to whole-sellers and
retailers.

This system comprises of warehouse management module as well as Business
module for managing Trade and Finance.

The warehouse management system is designed for Pocket PC devices as
well as Vehicle Mount Computers.

While the desktop module helps in managing Complete business.

    Responsibilities Undertaken :

Did Requirement gathering and Requirement Analysis at client side (THE
NETHERLANDS).

Have done extensive Work on designing of the application based for
Devices (Pocket PC and Vehicle Mount Computers).

Did development of the same using Webservices and VB .NET.

Did deployment of the application at client side.

Currently providing Support for this application.

Educational Projects (B.E. Project) :  

Won Second Prize in Inter-Collegiate Competion.

Project Name:	Hand Gesture Recognition System

CLIENT:	 For academic purpose.

OS:	 Windows

TOOLs used:	 VB 6.0 



Project Description

The project name it self signifies the purpose. 

A L.E.D was fixed on a finger and a gesture was made infront of Web-Cam.

Then based on the kind of gesture the J.C.B machine (toy) use to move in
the respective direction.

Thus, it was a project comprising of a nominal PCB board used for
integrating the hardware with the software designed.

This concept has several applications in which it can be implemented
such as office automation. 

It can be helpfull for security applications as well. 

    Responsibilities Undertaken :

Did requirement gathering, development and presentation.

Represented college at Bharti Vidyapeeth and CSI.

Extra Curricular Activities  :

Was Cultural Secretary of the college in Final Year Engineering.

Was Treasurer in ACES (Association of Computer Engg. Students)

Have won several awards for college in cultural programs.

Academics :

                  

EDUCATION	UNIVERSITY	YEAR	CLASS OBTAINED

SSC	St.Xavier’s High School, Nasik	1996	First Class

Diploma In  Comp. Technology	Board Of Technical Education, Mumbai	2000
First Class

      B.E.Computer	University of Pune.	2004	Higher Second Class (59 %)

    

Personal Information :

Marital Status		:           	Single

Nationality                  	:              	Indian

Languages Known        	:		English, Hindi, Marathi.

Date of Birth               	:		1st March 1981.

				

I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the
best of my knowledge.  

								

			          	   Mandar Chandrakant Jambotkar.

			

