Curriculum Vitae

ANUJA A. VAZE

E-Mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:shashikant.nikam@gmail.com" 
anu_vaze@yahoo.co.in 							Mobile:09322143032

					

Objective:

To obtain a software developer position that allows me to learn new
technologies while utilizing my experience developing web-based and
window-based applications as well as my knowledge of ASP.Net, Vb.Net.

Skills:

Database		:	Microsoft’s SQL Server 2000,Oracle 9i

Language		:	VB.NET, ASP. Net, VC#. Net

Operating System	:	Windows 2000/XP

Technologies	           :	Atlas

Educational Background:



Name of Examination	Board / University	Year of Passing	Percentage of
Marks	Class Obtained



BE	Mumbai University	May 2004	62.92 %	First Class



HSC

	Mumbai Board	February 2000	75.83 %	First Class



SSC	Mumbai Board	March 1998	86.93 %	Distinction



Professional Experience:

1. Current Employer	           : 	J. B. and Brothers	

Company URL		: 	  HYPERLINK "http://www.jbbrothers"  www.jbbrothers .com

Tenure			: 	From Feb 2006 to Till Date

Designation 		: 	Software Developer

Summary of Projects done at J. B. and Brothers

Pop Up Control

     Environment: Vb.Net, SQL Server

      Description:

This is user control for pop up related data. It is provided with
various features.

Property Page

Environment: Vb.Net, SQL Server

Description:

This is the user control used to display various diamond properties
depending on user and his requirements.

Query Builder

Environment: Vb.Net, SQL Server

Role: This was the very small-scale module. It requires a particular
query to be executed in thread showing the process of query execution.	

Complaint Management

Environment: asp.net using vb.net, Crystal report 10i, SQL Server

Description: 

This is a project where user can enter its complaints regarding any
hardware part or software. Here users are divided into clients,
departmentAdmin and admin 

ACO (Advanced Confirm Order)

Environment: ASP.Net using vb.net, SQL Server

	

Description:

1. This is the module where customer can order his requirements in
advance. 

2. Marketing people can filter packets by specifying filter condition.

3. Display packets, which are matching with customers order.

4. Generate a crystal report for ACO Matching packets

Repricing

Environment: vb.net, SQL Server, Crystal Report 10i

Description:

This is the Project used for doing repricing of packets. It includes
calculation of final price along with discounts. 

Scheduler Application:

Environment: ASP.Net using vb.net, SQL Server, Vb.net

Description:

1. This scheduler application will run the specific tasks at regular
interval. And generate the output in required format. Once the schedule
run, mail is sent to admin with output as a attachment. Scheduled task
can be a query, application or report. If it’s a report then it gets
exported in user specified format.

2. A web-based interface is made for saving, editing, deleting or
updating schedules

Report Tree

Environment: Vb.Net, SQL Server, Crystal Report 10i

Role:

1. Display Reports and sub reports in treeview according to selected
module name populated in combo box.

2. Table name, filer string, field names are populated according to
selected node

3. User can enter export option, print option.

4. He can add, Edit, Delete new report, sub report, table name, field
name

Export Delivery

Environment: Vb.Net, SQL Server, ASP.Net using vb.net, Crystal Report
10i

Role:

Save delivered packets using windows application.

Generate report

Display delivered packets using web application for buyers.

Inventory 

Environment: ASP.Net using vb.net, SQL Server

Role:

Making various forms for Goods In and Goods Out.

Display Inventory Details

Display Daily/Monthly/Yearly/Weekly/Custom Opening Stock, Closing Stock

2. Previous Employer      	: 	GKS Infomedia Services India Pvt Ltd	

Company URL		: 	  HYPERLINK "http://www.rosewebcreations.com/" 
http://www.rosewebcreations.com ,  HYPERLINK
"http://www.gksinfomedia.com"  www.gksinfomedia.com 

Tenure			: 	From Feb 2005 to Feb 2006

Designation 		: 	Software Developer

Summary of Projects done at GKS Infomedia Services India Pvt Ltd

Positiv

Client:  KLW Enterprises, Germany

Technologies: VB.NET 2005, SQL Server 2005, Crystal Report 9i

Description: KLW is one of the authorized Microsoft distributors in
Germany. It has the various partners in Germany who works for them. It
maintains all the records of Products, Packages, and Invoices etc. It is
the administrator of this positiv 

software. Our software maintains all the records of Products, Labors,
and Packages etc. It can create Reminder, create packages for Golden,
Silver, Regular users. It can compare products, can create reports, can
create various offers, and can create various Invoices.

Role: 

Analyzing and understanding client requirements.

Designing and coding various forms.

Creating various Reports.

Having Interaction with client

Duration: 5 months

Team Size: 2 

Tradejoint 

Client: In-house Project

Technologies: ASP.NET 2005, SQL Server

Url:   HYPERLINK "http://www.tradejoint.com/" 
http://www.tradejoint.com/ 

Description: Trade Joint, is a trade platform who will carry SME's to
internet and enable SME's who wants to increase their exports to use the
technology effectively. It is providing the necessary services to move
the establishments into the web, with its unlimited marketing ideas and
experience

Role:

Analyzing and understanding In-house requirements.

Developing and coding various forms.

Uploading web site. 

Duration: 4 months

C-Interactive Music System 

Client: C-Interactive, UK

Url:   HYPERLINK "http://www.cinteractive.co.uk/" 
http://www.cinteractive.co.uk/ 

Technologies: VB.net 2005

Description: C-Interactive are an audio and visual marketing
communications     

Company. It delivers an On Hold Player. We have created this On-Hold
plus Scheduler plus Music player. 

Duration: 2 Month

             Team Size: 3

Holidaysinindia4u (Admin Section)

Client: TAILORMADE JOURNEYS LTD	

Technologies: asp.net using vb.net, SQL Server

Url:   HYPERLINK "http://www.holidaysinindia4u.com/" 
http://www.holidaysinindia4u.com/ 

Role:  I was involved in complete development of admin section,
statistics etc

Duration: 2 Month

Team Size: 3

3. Previous Employer     : M/s NDS Infoserv branch of M/s Anurag
Electronics (Gujarat) Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai

   Company URL              :http://www.ndsinfo.com

   Tenure 	:From August 2004 to Feb 2005

   Work Profile               :

Develop VB.net forms for data collection

Create structured information/ populate data

Carry out quality checks as per the Quality-Plan

Rectify the defects/ errors if any and avoid recurrence

Study and analyze client’s QC Reports

Feedback report and suggestions to Management for continual improvement

Starve to achieve zero-defect and exceed customer’s satisfaction

Personal Details:

Name:  	Miss Anuja Arvind Vaze

Address:	B/6, Gurudatta Towers, Pandurang wadi, Manpada Road, Dombivli
(E) PinCode: 421201

Telephone:	Residence:0251-2423265     Mobile: 9322143032

Date of birth:	6th March 1983

Email:	  HYPERLINK "mailto:anu_vaze@yahoo.co.in"  anu_vaze@yahoo.co.in ,
  HYPERLINK "mailto:anuja.vaze@gmail.com"  anuja.vaze@gmail.com 

Languages Known:	English, Hindi, Marathi

Achievements:	Achieved 1st rank in Mathematics in SSC-1998 in regional
area of Mumbai Devisional Board.



I undersigned, acknowledge that the information mentioned above is
authentic and true to the best of my knowledge.

(A.N.Vaze)	

 PAGE   

	                                                                       
                   Page   PAGE  2  of   NUMPAGES  3 	

