CURRICULUM VITAE 

             

	                                                  	

H.K.N.V. BALAJI,

Contact Address: 264/4, Sri Santh Krupa Building, 

                               Beside Bhairavee Hotel, Baner Road, 

                               Baner, Pune-411045.                      
                   	                                                    
           

Email   : balaji.hknv@gmail.com 

Contact:  +91- 09922919430

Professional Objective:

A position as a Software Developer that will capitalize on acquired
expertise and experience. Desire a position with career growth
potential always keeping the Organization’s Goals as a priority.

Experience profile:

Having 1.9yrs of Experience in Software Development in Java, J2EE (JDBC,
Servlets, JSP, JMS).

Good knowledge in Core Java, SQL, PL/SQL.

Quick adaptability to new technologies and zeal to improve technical
skills.

Career Summary:

Presently working as a Software Engineer in Wipro Technologies from
October 2006 to till date.

Previously worked as an Application Engineer in RFID Division at
Bartronics India Ltd, Hyderabad from March 2006 to October 2006.

         Previously worked as a Programmer in NIC (National Informatics
Centre) – Ministry of  

         Information Technology, Hyderabad from April 2005 to March
2006.

Academic Qualifications:

B.Tech (CSIT) from Jyothi Engineering College, JNTU (2001-2005) with
64%.

Intermediate from Tetrahedron Jr. College (1997-1999) with 64%.

S.S.C from Kakatiya Vidya Niketan High School (1996-1997) with 75%.

Technical Exposure:

Operating Systems           :  Red Hat LINUX 9.0, Windows 9x/2000/XP.

Languages                        :  Core Java, C.

Databases                         :  Oracle9i.

GUI                                  :  JFC/Swings, AWT.

Servers                             :  Weblogic8.1, Tomcat5.0.

Web Technologies           :  J2EE (JDBC, Servlets, JSP).

J2EE Technologies          :  JMS.

IDE Tools                        :  JCreator 3.50, NetBeans5.0.

DB Languages                 :  SQL, PL/SQL.

Process Automation Tool:  ANT1.6.5.

MarkUp Languages         :  XML, HTML.

Projects Profile:

Title: Information Technology Governance (ITG)/ PPM.

Client: HP- Mercury Interactive.

Software: Java, Oracle.

Description: IT governance is a structure of processes that govern,
Business technology optimization refers to the strategies and processes
involved in aligning IT with business goals to maximize IT’s business
value. Mercury IT Governance Center is used to digitize and automate IT
business processes from demand through production to enable customers to
optimize and align IT strategy and execution.

	Mercury Demand Management provides a single application and repository
to capture demands made against IT organizations. Information is
consolidated from multiple sources so users can view aggregate demand in
real time and report against it.

Role:	-Working on ITG/PPM- Demand Management Module.

            -Finding bugs in the application and reporting them to a
team of developers. 

	-Reproducing the customer's issues at my end and submitting
enhancements and 	defects accordingly. 

	-Understanding the functioning of the tool and assist the customer in
the best possible 	manner in resolving his issue at the earliest. 

Title: Vehicle Tracking System Using RFID.

Client: Bartronics India Ltd.

Software Requirements: 

OS                         : Windows XP.

API                        : Java, JDBC, JSP, XML.

Web Server           : Tomcat 5.0.

GUI                       : JFC/Swings.

Team Size             : 4.

Role                      : Team member.

Description: Vehicle Tracking System is developed to track the Vehicles
present anywhere in the organization. The system tracks every vehicle
from the time it enters the organization and also tracks outside it. The
vehicle details are registered into the database. The Maintenance
details of the vehicle are also maintained whenever it goes for a repair
in or outside the organization. The depreciation of the vehicle and the
meantime between failures (MTBF) are automatically calculated and
generated as reports which helps the management make easy analysis. The
authentication module finds the in and out time of the vehicle as well
as ensures that the authorized vehicle is used in the organization. This
module automatically identifies the employee/vehicle using RFID
technology.  

Title: APSU Messenger.

Client: NIC (National Informatics centre).

Software Requirements: 

OS                         : Windows NT.

API                        : Java, JMS, XML.

Application Server: Weblogic 8.1.

GUI                       : JFC/Swings.

Team Size             : 2.

Role                      : Team member.

Description: The aim of the above project is to provide the Chatting
facility with all the features to have support with the intranet and
Internet communications. This software is designed to provide support
for Instant Messaging using Java Messaging Service (JMS) that enables
point -to - point messaging and Broadcasting of messages. In this system
there will be Durable Subscribers and for them we have provided a
provision to store the messages in Weblogic server as a File-Store, by
which they can receive the messages even though they are not online at
the time of publishing the message and they will receive them after they
have logged in. And Moreover the Subscriber of the message can publish
the messages to the concerned Publisher using the reply option which we
have provided. In Point –to-Point messaging messages will be published
to a specific Subscriber. 

Title: HOSPITAL MONITORING SYSTEM.  

Client: NIC (National Informatics centre).

Software Requirements:  

Languages        :  JAVA, Servlets, JSP, JDBC.  

Server Platform:  Windows 2000.

Database          :  Oracle 9i.

Team Size        :  2. 

Duration           : 2 months.

              

Description:  The aim of the above project is to provide the Instant
Services to the patients by the hospital management without any
bottlenecks. This project is on the latest relational database system
technology. HMS system provides the benefits of streamlining of
operations, enhanced administration and control, improved response, cost
control. It provides easy access to critical information there by
enabling the management to take better decisions on time. HMS is
designed to be easy, fast and intuitive.

Achievements:

Diploma from Finland & Gold medal from Japan at an International level
Art Exhibition.

Certificate of Appreciation & Gold Medal from MARU Association, Japan.

Gold medal from “PULLAIAH KALA NILAYAM” in All India painting
competition.

Extra Curricular Activities:

Part of National Cadet Corps at school level and have attended NCC & NIC
camps as a part of it.

I have completed my TYPING LOWER Exam.

Passport Details:

Passport No.: E7806582

Valid Up to  : 23-02-2014

Personal Profile:

Date of Birth               : 20-06-1982.

Father’s Name            :  H. Subrahmanyam.

Residence No.            :  91-(040)-23012778, 91-9989379078.

Alternate Email-ID     :    HYPERLINK "mailto:balaji.hknv@gmail.com" 
hknvbalaji@gmail.com , balaji.hknv@nowpos.com

Willing to Relocate     : Yes

Permanent Address     :  Flat. No: 501, Sai Kiran Apartments, Alind
Colony, Gachibowli,  

                                       Hyderabad, AP, INDIA.	           
     

.      

		

					                                          

 H.K.N.V. BALAJI

  PAGE  1 /4	

