Azam Mubeen Mohsin

Email: mmubeen.azam@gmail.com	

Mobile: +91-9921196716

Summary:

Having 2+ years of experience in Designing and Development of       

     Various Database Applications and Web based Applications.

Extensive experience in Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Struts Framework. 

Strong exposure on ANT, JUnit, Log4J, DOM4J and Eclipse3.2.

Working experience in JBoss 4.0, Tomcat5.5.

Good knowledge in the Back-End tools Oracle 10g, MySql 5.0.

Work Experience:

Working as a Software Engineer for C2C Infotech, Bangalore from Feb 2005
to till date.

Education:

1    M-Tech (Computer Engineering) from Pune University, Pune,
Maharashtra

     with 5.86 CGPA

2   BE (Computer-Science & Engg.) from BAMU University, Aurangabad,

     Maharashtra with 78.50%.

Skill Set:

Operating Systems		          : Windows NT/2000/XP.

Languages			: Java. 

Java Technologies			: J2EE (JDBC2.0, Servlets2.3, JSP).

Web Technologies			: HTML, XML, Java Script.

Frame Works			: Struts1.2, Liferay 4.1.2, JUnit, Log4J, DOM4J. 

Databases			: Oracle10g, MySQL5.0.

IDE’s			: MyEclipse, Eclipse3.2.

Tools			: ANT, ANT-Contrib.

Web/Applications Server      : Tomcat5.5, JBoss4.0.		   

Project Profile:

#1.Project 

Title			:  Query Management System

Client			:  Power Labs Ltd.

Duration                	:  November ‘06 to April ’07

Role			:  Software Engineer.

Environments	:  Java5.0, JDBC2.0, XML, Struts, Tomcat5.5, MySql5.0.

Project Description:

		The project entitled Query Management System, which is handling the
user’s queries or questions or doubts about the product or activities
of organization, mPower Labs. This software is for handling the queries
for mPower Labs. There are four categories in query type. They are
iNikah, Banner, Scholarship, mPower.

iNikah – Its is matrimonial website

Banner – Global Banner Exchange (GBX), other company can register with
this program to display their company logo.

Scholarship – An online application for scholarship organization in
easy, effective and justified distribution of scholars.

mPower – This is leading Software Company, it handles real time
project and conduct the project trainee programme for college student

		

Responsibilities:

In Development of Screen Shots.

In coding for JSP pages.

In coding Form Beans and Action Classes in LifeRay.

In Developing Build Environment.

#2.Project 

Title			:  Inventory Management System

Client			:  Goldman Sachs & Co.

Duration       	:  June ‘06 to till date

Role			:  Software Engineer.

Environments	:  Java5.0, JDBC2.0, Struts, Oracle10g, JBoss4.0.

Project Description:

                                Inventory Management System (IMS) is for
automating inventory scaling and buffer management. Consisting of
Gatekeeper (GK), Storekeeper (SK) and RequestReaising (RR) modules.
Every raw, semi finished and finished comes to the gatekeeper, who is
user of our application, enters the data and Storekeeper maintains the
inventory for not falling bellow buffer level. Production head raises
the request for inventory and Store Keeper process the same.

Responsibilities:

Involved in StoreKeeper module in all activities.

In Development of Screen Shots.

In coding for JSP pages.

In coding Form Beans and Action Classes in Struts.

In Developing Build Environment.

In Database Connectivity through JDBC.

Involving unit testing with JUnit.

#3.Project 

Title			:  Online Mortgage Automation

Client			:  Isaq Fin Inc.

Duration                 :  July ‘05 to Jan ’06.

Role			:  Software Engineer.

Environments	:  Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Struts,	ANT		           
       

	   Oracle 8i, Tomcat.

 

Project Description:

			This project provides the online mortgage application for Internet
users. The system may be used in various ways. An applicant can key in
the amount of money they want to borrow and answer a few questions and
the system tell them what their monthly repayments will be or the
applicant can key in their income and answer few other questions and the
system will tell them how much they can borrow or the applicant can know
approval in principle, this consists of six screens, personal details,
income details, employment details, property details, previous mortgage
etc.

Responsibilities:

Involved in User registration, Mortgage Calculator and Mortgage
Management.

Written Action Classes/Form Beans as part of Struts Frame Works.

Written DAO and VAO for user registration.

Involving in Unit testing with JUnit.

#4.Project 

Title			:  Crisis Management

Client			:  Ashok Leyland, Tamilnadu.

Duration                 :  March ‘05 to June ’05.

Role			:  Software Trainee.

Environments	:  Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Tomcat, 

			   MySql.

Project Description:

               		Crisis management is software, which simulates the
automation for security department. It checks the authorization of all
the employees in the company. Issuing and collecting visitor’s passes.
Collecting fines from the employees who are frequently forgetting their
identity cards are main functions of this project. 

Responsibilities:

Involved in coding for visitors module.

Involved in database designing for employee management module.

Involved in setting build environment using ANT build tool.

Involved in designing front-end screens.

