                           CHITTARANJAN  MOHANTA

 

                                      Mob:9967260023

                             E_mail: HYPERLINK "chitta153@yahoo.co.in"
chitta153@yahoo.co.in 

					

	                                

Professional Experience:

Having 2+ years of experience in Java and J2EE for development of
various commercial applications(from Jan’2005 to till date).

Professional Summary:

At present working as a Software Engineer in D2V INFOSOFT Pvt Ltd.
Bangalore, which is an Emerging Software Development Organization. 

Extensive expertise in development of variety of software applications
using JAVA, J2EE(Servlet & JSP) and Oracle.

To obtain a suitable position in the software industry wherein I can get
an opportunity to work in a challenging environment and to invest my
knowledge, skill and experience for the project. Willing to learn and
adapt to new challenges. Have excellent communication skills and strong
interpersonal skills, which provide the ability to interact with end
users, managers, and technical personals. I am basically a
self-motivated, quick learner and team player. I want to work for a
progressive company where hard work and commitments are recognized and
duly rewarded.

Professional Qualification:

MCA (Master in Computer Applications) from   Sambalpur University
Sambalpur, Orissa in the year 2005.

	

Technical Exposure:

Operating Systems		: Windows.

Language			: Core JAVA

Database			: Oracle 8i.

          Web Technology		: Servlets, JSP, Struts.

          Server                                :  WebSphere

IDE                                    : Eclipse

Scripting Language		 : Java Script, HTML.

Proficiency: Java, Jsp, and Servlet.

Academic Profile:

Graduation from MPC College Baripada, Utkal University  Orissa .

+2 Sc. from MPC College, Baripada under CHSE, Orissa .

Project Experience:

#1:	Project Name		: Distributed Channel Management System.

		Client			: Propest Co Ltd.

Environment		: Windows 2000 Server.

Skill/Tools	          : Servlets, JSP, JDBC, HTML, and Oracle 8i.

Role			: Programmer.

  

                 The Distributed Channel Management(DCMS) System is a
web-based System designed for Propest Co ltd.This application automates
the communication between the clients,dealers and company.It obtains the
feedback from the clients and dealers.It generate reports from dealers
with specific requirements & provides updates details and reports the
sales data in accordance with the specific dears and products.It can
obtain the workshop details and attains each and every query of user.

                         Roles and Responsibilities:

In a Team of 5 I was involved in

           • Detail study & develop the code for the Application.

#2:	Project Name		: Production Control Planning.

		Environment		: Windows 2000 Server.

Skill/Tools	          : Servlets, JSP, JDBC, HTML, and Oracle 8i.

Role			: Programmer.

PCP Dashboard is a business application, which is going to be used by
Kemko automobiles. It’s an extranet application, which is used by
suppliers scattered all over the globe & kemko automobiles employees.
The application gives information about the status of purchase
orders/requisitions received/sent along with source and destination
data. The main criteria of the application were the stability &
performance as the application is going to have a very large data. 
Application is used to track the data successfully transmitted/failed at
each check/leakage point. Display the percentage of data successfully
transmitted for last 14 days and also displays the data with color
status to specify the failure and success at check/leakage points. Excel
download functionality is provided to get all the transaction details
for the selected day.

                   Roles and Responsibilities:

In a Team of 5, I was involved in

     • Detail study & Develop the code for the Application.

.

#3: 	Project Name		: iSOLVE TRANSACTION SYSTEM.

		Client			: Eris System.

Environment		: Windows 2000 Server.

Skill/Tools	          : Core Java, Servlet, Jsp and Oracle 8i.

Role			: Programmer.

It is an intranet based application system developed using java, jsp,
and servlet and Oracle 8i as backend. This system is intended to
maintain business transaction done through companies b to b(Business to
Business) portal and this system will maintain its transaction detail
for each order done on the web portal. This system is developed with all
required study for the clients on site required and thus all required
features needed for the system are enabled for it.

                     

Personal Profile:

Name			: Chittaranjan Mohanta

S/O			: Mr. Baidhar Mohanta

Date of Birth		: 02.06.1979.

Sex			: Male

Marital Status		: Single

Nationality		: Indian

Languages Known	:Oriya, English & Hindi.

Hobby			: Listening Music, Watching Cricket

	

			    

BANGALORE

Date:								Chittaranjan Mohanta

