Vanaja Kolla

Bld No:2  Room No:208,

Bimbisar Nagar,

Opp To Western Exp High Way ,					

Goregon (E),               			                                          
  E-mail: vanaja.kolla@yahoo.com

Mumbai -400063                               			                 Mobile:
+91 9960349123.

Experience Summary 

I have total 3 years of experience in the design and development of web
based applications, and server-side programming. At present I am working
in the domain of Banking. My technological forte is

Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC

Career Profile

Dates	Organization	Role

May-2005to Till Date	TATA Consultancy Services Limited	Team Member

June -2001 to April-2002	Instance Software Solutions 	Team Member



Technical Profile

Programming Languages	Java.

Web Technologies	Servlets, JSP, JDBC, HTML.,EJB

Frame Work	StrutsFramework, Tapestry Framework.

Operating Systems	Windows.

IDE	WSAD, Eclipse.

RDBMS	Oracle.



Qualifications

Degree and Date	Institute	Major and Specialization

Bachelor Of Technology In 

Electronics and Communication Engineering

April-2005	JNTU,Hyderabad

 	Electronics and Communication

Diploma in Electronics and Communication Engineering April-2001	AICTE ,
Hyderabad

	Electronics and Communication

SSC,1998	Board Of Secondary Education, Hyderabadyderabad	Maths And
Science



Assignments

Project#1	ABN HARVEST NL TR W3 CHTS OFF

Client	ABN AMRO 

Period	September -2006 to Till Date

Description	             Eurokas is a web-application used by the bank
employees to do various cash transactions in the bank like withdrawing
and depositing money in the bank. The application also facilitates the
cashier, supervisor and the functional managers of the bank shop to do
various management and administrative tasks related to the bank.

Role	Team Member involved in knowledge transition, client interaction
and support.

Solution Environment	IBM Web Sphere 5.0

J2EE,Struts Framework

IBM DB2

Tools	WSAD(IDE for Java/J2EE)

CASCADE (for Version Controlling)

SMILE



Project#2	YAX Application

Client	MerrillLynch

Period	August -2005 to  June-2006

Description	YAX application deals with the Securities and Orders made to
trade with Mexico Stock Exchange.The application updates the data with
the Mexico Stock Exchange and provides means for the MerrilLynch
brokerage firm to enter orders on behalf of  Customers.It has various
Interfaces and frontend GUI screens to capture and validate data.The
frontend is developed using Tapestry Framework with Flash Support.The
business logic layer is implemented with EJBS and the Data Persistent
layer implemented  with Hibernate.

Role	Developed Presentation logic using HTML templates and OGNL	

Developed java classes for value objects and BasePage classes and EJBs
for Controlling Applications.

Involved in  database design using Hibernate.	

Solution Environment	IBM Web Sphere 5.0

J2EE (EJB ),Tapestry Framework,Hibernate

JavaScript, Html 

SQL Server

Tools	WSAD(IDE for Java/J2EE)

CVS(for Version Controlling)



Project#3	IPS- Insurance Processing System

Client	BIC-Bharat Insurance Company

Period	October 2001 to April-2002

Description	                The main objective of the IPS (Insurance
Processing System) is to provide cost effective and secured solutions
for Indian Insurance Providers. 

                 IPS is mainly targeted to deal with different types of
insurance sectors suiting to the Indian country.  IPS covers different
modules relating to the insurance in different segments to suit all
people at all levels such as Life Insurance, Property Insurance, Motor
Vehicle Insurance and Electronic Appliance Insurance. 

                 Each of the modules give a choice to the client to
choose from the same as well a comfortable premium program is planned
for easy payments by the client.

Role	Developed Presentation logic using JavaServerPages

Developed Servlets for Controlling Applications.



Solution Environment	Oracle 8i Server

J2EE (JSP / Servlets/JDBC/EJB)

JavaScript, Html

WebLogic 7.0

Tools	MS-VSS (for Version Controlling)



Personal Details

Date of Birth	30-06-1983

Nationality	Indian



Passport Details

Name as on passport	Relationship	Passport Number	Date of Issue	Expiry
Date	Place of Issue

Vanaja Kolla	Self	G3588430	24/05/07	23/05/2017	Hyderabad



Résumé		

Page   PAGE  3  of   NUMPAGES  3 

