Prashant Nair

                                                                        
             Mobile: 9323544023

	

E-Mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:negi_shalaka@hotmail.com" 
pnair126@yahoo.com 

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

3.3+  years experience in the .NET Technology

Developed UI screen using ASP.NET

Developed the Business Objects 

Created Stored Procedures in SQL Server 2000.

Integration Testing and Integrations of the various Modules

Created and Executed unit test cases.

Education	B.E. (Electronics) from Mumbai University  - 2003





	Organizations worked	Countrywide Financials Corporation Ltd.

Ness Technologies (India) Ltd.

Stream TracMail(India) Ltd



	Skills & Expertise	Core Skills:  .NET, ASP.NET, C#.NET,SQL SERVER



Software Experience 



Operating Systems                      	Windows 9X ,Windows 2K, Windows
XP, Windows 2003

Reporting tools

	Crystal Reports 10

Packages

	Database Management Systems

	SQL SERVER 2000, SQL SERVER 2005

Languages known	C#, VB.NET, C++,C, Pascal



GUI	ASP.NET 2.0 



Training

	ASP.NET  1.1, C#

Macromedia FLEX 

Communication Skills & Business Etiquette



	Role Played Currently	Software Engineer





	

PROJECT DETAILS

Organization: Countrywide Financials Corporation India Ltd. (Mumbai,
India) 

June 2007 –Present	Global Quotation System (Prudential / Barclays –
UK)	Software Engineer



Product Description

GQS is Global Quotation System, developed to submit online mortgage
application as per the FSA of UK Government. Application takes user
inputs and at the end of the application, generates a PDF file with data
populated by user. Application also does hand shake with other
application GOS (Global Originating System).

Software Environment

ASP.Net 1.1, C#.Net, SQL 2000, HTML, Java Script, Source AnyWhere

Roles & Responsibilities

Code Review

Developing software in ASP.NET 2005

Study of requirement, discuss it with the Business Analysts and
designing the pages accordingly.

Responsible for development and major enhancements.

April 2007 –May 2007	Mortgage Sales Tool (Barclays – UK)	Software
Engineer



Product Description

MST is a web application being used by Barclays to generate PDF
documents which later on used by Barclays to update another system named
GOS (Global Originating System). MST uses multiple web services to
decide and generate required PDF document as an output

Software Environment

ASP.Net 2.0, C#.Net, SQL 2000, HTML, Java Script, Source AnyWhere

Roles & Responsibilities

Code Review

Developing software in ASP.NET 2005

Study of requirement, discuss it with the Business Analysts and
designing the pages accordingly.

Interacting with the client for implementation

Organization: Ness Technologies (India) Ltd. (Mumbai, India) 

June 2006 –March 2007	Ness Information Management System (NIMS)
Software Engineer



Product Description

Nims aim to provide automation of resource management in the Ness Global
Services. It will help Sales, Resource, Finance, Lca (Labor Condition
Approval), Immigration and HR department to track requirements,
proposals, and candidate's details. It will automate the whole process
of recruitment in the company from the point a new requirement is raised
till the candidate starts working at clients place. It will also help to
update salary, billing and vendor rate changes during the course of
project execution. It will provide features to take care of project
termination or extensions of candidates on their respective projects.
Nims will provide each user with reports to track the performance of
candidates, resource and sales team. It will helpful to track the
history of candidates and requirements.

Software Environment

ASP.Net 2.0, C#.Net, SQL 2000, HTML, Java Script, VSS

Roles & Responsibilities

Code Review

Developing software in ASP.NET 2005

Creating tables and Stored procedures

Study of requirement, discuss it with the Business Analysts and
designing the pages accordingly.

Interacting with the client for implementation

December 2004 –May 2006	Long & Foster Companies Limited [VI, USA]-
Relocation Department(Pegasus)	Software Engineer



Product Description

The project of Long & Foster Corporate Relocation provides relocation
management services to companies and corporations. The Corporate
Relocation organization specializes in policy consultation and design,
services development and relocation program management. Long & Foster is
the leading one-stop, total homeownership company in our five-state,
Mid-Atlantic region with 200 Sales Offices and 10000 Sales Agents.
Currently the system followed at L&F is as follows: The agent fills a
Case sheet form and submits it to the sales office. The sales office
then couriers these forms to Headquarters in Fairfax. These case sheet
forms are then sorted, processed and manually entered into a system
called ACE for commission processing. Only after the information is
entered into ACE system, it is available to other services departments.
Above process takes a significant time and L&F looses the opportunity to
sell its other services to potential customers involved in the case. An
online case sheet system is required which will allow agents to record
information about cases and customer as soon as it is available in to a
system that can be used by other departments to offer their services to
potential customers pro-actively.

Software Environment

. NET 1.1 (ASP.NET 1.1, C#), SQL Server 2000, Windows 2000

Roles & Responsibilities

Developed the screen for the various modules

Developed the Business Objects for the developed modules as well as for
other modules

Responsible for creating the store procedures required in the assigned
module using SQL Server 2000

Bug fixing for various modules

Worked on the Change Requests for the existing modules

Writing of Program Specifications

Integration Testing and Integrations of the Modules

July 2004 – November 2004	Long & Foster Companies Limited [VI, USA] -
Case Sheet Online (CSOL)	Software Engineer



Product Description

The CSOL will allow L&F to have a central control on all the activities
taking place during allocation of commission to agents and brokers. The
Case Sheet On-Line CSOL application allows agents to complete an L&F
case sheet on line.  The system provides integration with other
application of L&F. The application provides various security levels
within the organization and the same can be granted to other levels. The
managers can approve the case sheet electronically. CSOL is also
integrated with other applications taking in care the rules various
business rules present in them. The CSOL also takes care about the
object level access within the application.

Software Environment

. NET 1.1b(ASP.NET 1.1, C#), SQL Server 2000, Windows 2000, Microsoft
HTML Help Files, NUnit 2.2, Ncover

Roles & Responsibilities

Listed down the test cases for the entire module

Writing the NUnit Stubs for testing every module

Used the NCover tool to generate the code coverage Report

Created the HTML Help Files for the Project Using tool Microsoft HTML
Help Files.

Developed various modules for the project

Responsible for creating the store procedures required in the assigned
module using SQL Server 2000

Writing of Program Specification

Integration Testing and Integrations of the Modules

PERSONAL DETAILS

Address: 102 Orchid Palace, Marol Military Road, Andheri East, Mumbai
400059

Residence No.: 022-28508490

Date of Birth: June 12, 1980

Prashant Nair                                       PAGE  1  of  
NUMPAGES  5 

