Mahidhar.kollipara

Mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:mahidharkollipara@yahoo.co.in" 
mahidharkollipara@yahoo.co.in 

           HYPERLINK "mailto:mahidharkollipara@Gmail.com" 
mahidharkollipara@Gmail.com 

Ph: 09819187234	Address:-

18 c Arunodaya socity 

                                           11 th gulmohar cross JVPD,
Juhu,Mumbai-400049.



Objective	

To build my career in a progressive Organization, that provides me
exciting opportunities to learn more and utilize my Software skills and
Expertise.

Technical Skills and Summary	

3+ years of Professional Experience in Client/Server Software
Development in Building Enterprise Applications, that includes expertise
in the areas of Development, Implementation and Unit Testing.

3+ Years experience in ASP.NET, ADO.NET, VB.NET ,C# and SQLServer2000,
Nhibernate2.0, AJAX.

Good programming, analyzing and interpersonal skills

Willing to take up challenging assignments on any emerging Technologies.



Education	B.Tech Information Technology (First Class), 1999-2003. Madras
University, Chennai, India. 

Technical Skill Sets	. NET Framework	:	Visual Basic .NET 2.0, 
ADO.NET,C#

RDBMS	:	SQL Server 2000,  Nhibernate2.0

Internet Technologies		:	ASP.NET, HTML, Java Script, VB Script, ASP,AJAX

Tools	:	 Visual Studio .NET

Operating Systems	:	Windows 98/NT/2000.

Job Profile

	Employer	:	Zarca Interactive India Limited, Bombay

	Designation	:	Senior Software Engineer

     Period                                  	:        JAN 2006– Till
Date.

Employer		:	Pringle Software Technologies Pvt Ltd., Hyderabad

	Designation		:	Software Engineer.

	Period		:	MAR 2004 – JAN 2006



Project

Summary

Environment

	ZARCA.COM

Zarca Interactive is a leading provider of online surveys, research
technology and solutions.

This is platform for the collection and analysis of data, now deployed
by many of the world’s leading organizations. This empowers clients to
improve quality, reduce cost and save time from their processes,
boosting their profitability.

Users can participate using online surveys generated by this platform
and clients can analyse, export the data of survey which help them to
take right business decisions .

Client		: 	Zarca Interactive.

URL                  :             HYPERLINK "http://www.zarca.com/" 
http://www.zarca.com/ 

Team Size	:	15

Duration	:	Till Date	

Platform	:            VB.NET, ASP.NET2.0, SQLSERVER-2000,

                                        Used Nhibernate2.0 for Data
Access in Business Layer             

                                       Implemented Logging using
Log4net.

                                       Extensively used ASP.Net 2.0
features like Master pages.

                                        

        

                    



Project

Summary

Environment

	                                   

MOUTHSHUT.COM

 MouthShut.com is a consumer-driven review platform where consumers
profit by reading other’s experiences and helps others with their own,
honest, and unbiased reviews on products and services.  Consumer gets
reviews in 17 categories (automobiles, books, business, computers etc),
besides hundreds of sub-categories to choose from. 

 Apart from writing and reading reviews, members also get to rate each
other’s reviews and comment on them. This helps members assess
themselves. Mouth Shut has, formed a community of consumers who get to
interact with each other on a regular basis.M2M is the feature through
which members can communicate with each other. Trusted circle allows
members to add other’s into their trusted list.

Client		: 	Zarca Interactive.

URL                  :             HYPERLINK "http://www.mouthshut.com/"
 http://www.mouthshut.com/ 

Team Size	:	4

Duration	:	Till Date	

Platform	:            VB.NET, C#,ASP.NET2.0, SQLSERVER-2000,

                                        Used Nhibernate2.0 for Data
Access in Business Layer             

                                       Implemented Logging using
Log4net.

                                       Extensively used ASP.Net 2.0
features like Master pages

                                       Cross Page submission, New Data
Bound Controls etc.



Project

Summary

Environment

	The Water Oasis

This application brings The Water Oasis online to experience its future
accommodations, cottage rentals, dining options, weddings, business
conferences and all of the recreational options that are available at
Water oasis. Reserve a place of interest for the occasion in advance.

Client		: 	The Water Oasis (USA)

URL                  :             HYPERLINK
"http://www.thewateroasis.com"  http://www.thewateroasis.com 

Team Size	:	2

Duration	:	1 Month	

Platform	:            ASP.Net, VB.Net, ADO.Net, MSSQL Server 2000,
Windows 2000 Server.

                                       

Project 

Summary

Environment

	Associate-O-Matic

Associate-O-Matic is store builder from Amazon web services blog. I have
customized it to suite user specification using Asp.net and SQL Server.
Admin module customizes user categories and search services to Amazon
web services bolg. Generator is used to generate categories and
subcategories.

Client		: 	Associate-O-Matic

URL                  :             HYPERLINK
"http://www.thewateroasis.com"  http://www.bestmarketingtactics.com 

Team Size        :           2

Duration	:	2 Months

Platform	:	ASP.NET, C#, MS SQL Server 2000, IIS, Windows 2000



Project

Summary

Environment

	Vizag Beach Resorts

Developed a website to show case cottage rentals, dining options,
weddings, business conferences and all of the recreational options that
are available at Vizag Beach Resorts. And showcase it’s proposed
developments and future projects.

Client		: 	VBRPL

URL                  :             HYPERLINK "http://www.vbrpl.com" 
http://www.vbrpl.com 

Team Size       :            2

Duration	:	5 Months

Platform	:	ASP.NET, C#, MS SQL Server 2000, IIS, Windows 2000



Project

Summary

Environment

	South Dakota Dental Association

The South Dakota Dental Association is non-profit membership
organization of dentists and dental specialists in South Dakota.
Developed this community site. I dealt with Registration module. Through
which doctor (Dental) can register for the education and social events
he likely to attend or participate. And generation of emails in
scheduler.

Client		: 	South Dakota Dental Association

URL                  :             HYPERLINK "http://www.sddentel.org" 
http://www.sddentel.org 

Team Size       :            2

Duration	:	5 Months

Platform	:	ASP.NET, VB.NET, MS SQL Server 2000, IIS, Windows 2000





 

  

