Curriculum vitae

Ms. RENUKA S.PANDHARE 

Block No ‘H’ Lokmanya Pan Bazar Association 

Chunabhatti Sion Mumbai – 24 

Mob.: +91-9867054617 

E-Mail: renuka2906@gmail.com 

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE 

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment
with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself
fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in
challenging & creative environment. 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Total work experience   2.1 years 

Worked in Aryan Infotech Company as Software Programmer from 1st July
2005 to 30th June 2006. 

Currently working in Neutron Infotech Pvt. Ltd as a Software Programmer
from 1st July 2006 to Till Date. 

Responsibilities Handle: 

As a Developer 

• Development using ASP.Net, asp.net, SQL Server 2005, 

• Assuring a proper technical documentation of project and getting
approved by   clients

• Developing test screens for clients and getting approved the same

• Timely and accurate execution of all regular transactions. 

• Assisting team leader in designing logic and work flow

• Accurate reporting to client about the progress of development

• Meetings with client about UAT approval 

SKILL SET 

Education and Courses 	B.E.(Electronics and Design Technology) 

Total Experience in IT 	2.1 Years 

GUI 	32 bit windows API, DOS 

Environment 	Visual Studio.net, Visual Studio 

Languages 	ASP.NET, VB.NET,JAVASCRIPT, C#, C, C++ 

Data Base 	MS SQL Server, Oracle9i 

Web Server 	IIS 

Other Skill / Tools 	MS Office 



EDUCATIONAL PROFILE 

CDAC from Mumbai MET’s IIT – July 2005 

Oracle Certification (Introduction to oracle9i) - December 2005 

B.E (Electronics Design Technology) Nagpur University – 63.35%. -
August 2004 

Diploma (E&TC) (Nagpur) - 80.77% - August 2000 

SSC (MH Board) - 78.87% - March 1998 

 

PROJECTS SUMMARY 

 

Project 5: C.R.M.

 

Project profile:

The present company has its in-house Customer care team, which caters to
the Telecommunication customers of Neutron Electronic Systems Pvt. Ltd.
The major challenges faced for developing this software were to make a
same replica screen wise and with same kind of user interface which
FoxPro for Dos offered in its existing CRM uses by the organization.
This software has been split into two modules that are Master and Job.
Master transactions are for adding details to the master of the CRM
related to customer database, Equipment installed at the client
premises. Job module plays the role of offering ticket numbers,
assigning those generated tickets to particular engineers, and getting
report for the same from engineers after the call is attended. This
module even has a section where the total transaction details of the
engineer related to his conveyance and time consumed for that particular
job. This ticket is often kept open unless the engineer reports back to
the customer support executive for completion of that job. Those
conveyance details entered for that engineer are again used by accounts
to generate weekly vouchers to be paid to the engineers. The job
transaction screen has total details of the equipment installed at that
particular clients premise, Contact person at that client’s office.
Fault reported by with date and time of the fault reported. This details
are used for printing reports which are used by the department heads to
check the number of queries generated in that day or pervious days and
compare it against the call closure to plan stragies how to reduce the
number of open tickets and why a specific customer keep generating
complaints if the complaint rate for a specific customer is above given
average numbers. This Package not only gives a total Service module for
even allows the company to decide how to plan and reduce customer
complaints by providing proper solutions.

 	

Platform 	: 	Windows XP Professional 

Front End Skills 	: 	ASP.Net, VB.Net, HTML 

Scripting language 	: 	JavaScript 

Back End Skills 	: 	SQL server 2005 

Application Server 	: 	Windows 2003 / IIS 6.0 



Duration: 5 months 

Team : 3 Members 

Status : Currently working. 

Role: Involved in the designing, Coding and Testing of the Software,
also in module planning. 

Project 4 :- Board Room Solution: 

Project Profile: 

This is especially made for online bookings where clients call up and
inquire about the products and prices. They may inquire about the
renewal of contract or termination of contract. For online bookings the
salesperson need to quote best prices taken from various vendors adding
profit of company getting authorized from higher level. All this is done
in no time due to integration of above mentioned modules. The flow is
salesperson will quote the price it goes for modification to higher
level comes back with either modification or same price and send to
customer the final price with details of stock and unit price, delivery
time and other details. To achieve this all department i.e. sales,
finance and store needs to be integrated for fast and accurate response
to customer 

Platform 	: 	Windows XP

Front End Skills 	: 	ASP.Net, VB.Net, HTML 

Scripting language 	: 	JavaScript 

Back End Skills 	: 	SQL server 2005 

Application Server 	: 	Windows 2003 / IIS 6.0 



Duration: 4 months 

Team : 2 Members 

Status : Completed 

Role: Involved in the designing, Coding and Testing of the Software,
also in module planning. 

Project 3 :- Timeout Magzine

Project Profile: 

This project is developed for maintaining the weekly magazine “Time
out Mumbai”. It publish monthly both on hard copy and online. Its have
complex data structure for marinating news area-vise, different sports
etc. The site maintains all the information about dance, arts, books,
music, movie etc. We developed front end of this application in ASP and
backend in ASP.NET. 

Platform 	: 	Windows 2000 Professional 

Front End Skills 	: 	ASP.Net, VB.Net, HTML,ASP 

Scripting language 	: 	JavaScript 

Back End Skills 	: 	SQL server 2000 

Application Server 	: 	Windows 2003 / IIS 6.0 



Duration: 4 months 

Team : 2 Members 

Status : Completed 

Role: Involved in the designing, Coding and Testing of the Software,
also in module planning. 

Project 2 :- Moneyrama loan and finance 

Project Profile: 

This Project involves all the monetary transactions foe various clients.
It has various modules like customers, master module, loan module,
payment module. Various loan allotted to clients, their debits and
payment receipts are monitored. It also has a report module which gives
the overall summary of the flow of money bidirectional. 

Platform 	: 	Windows 2000 Professional 

Front End Skills 	: 	ASP.Net, VB.Net, HTML 

Scripting language 	: 	JavaScript 

Back End Skills 	: 	SQL server 2000 

Application Server 	: 	Windows 2003 / IIS 6.0 



Duration: 4 months 

Team : 3 Members 

Status : Completed 

Role: Involved in the designing, Coding. 

Project 1:- Project Management System (Midriff Net Solutions Mumbai) 

Project Profile: 

This system is specially developed for Project Management as well as for
easy communication, about the project between the Software Developer
Company and client specially who are out of city. Through this system
company administrator as well as client can add their employees, can
manage their working timings, and can specify their role into the
project, menu permission, holidays etc. Along with this company can put
every document online like User Requirement Specification, Software
Requirement Specification, Milestones, Project Modules etc. to which
client is able to give approval. Through this system Meetings can also
be fixed between company and client. 

Platform 	: 	Windows 2000 Professional 

Front End Skills 	: 	ASP.Net, VB.Net, HTML 

Scripting language 	: 	JavaScript 

Back End Skills 	: 	SQL server 2000 

Application Server 	: 	Windows 2003 / IIS 6.0 



Duration: 4 months 

Team : 4 Members 

Status : Completed 

Role: Involved in the designing, Coding. 

PERSONAL DETAIL 

Name : Renuka Sharadchandra Pandhare 

Father’s name : Sharadchandra Nilkantha Pandhare 

Permanent Address : Flat no 102,Nilayam Apartment 

Jalvihar Colony 

Ring Road T-Point, 

Nagpur-440016 (M.S) 

Tel.: +91-0712-2223027. 

Mob.: +91-9867054617 

E-Mail :   HYPERLINK "mailto:renuka2906@gmail.com"  renuka2906@gmail.com
 

Present Address : Block No ‘H’ Lokmanya Pan Bazar Association 

Chunabhatti Sion Mumbai – 24 

Sex : Female 

Date of Birth : 29th JUNE, 1982. 

Languages Known : English, Hindi and Marathi 

(To Read, Write, Speak) 

Phone : 0712 – 2223027. Mob No-09867054617

Passport NO :F5979688 

RENUKA S.PANDHARE 

 

