Vinit S. Naik						            Phone	           : 022-28798706

E-mail: vinit_nk@yahoo.com				            Mobile No.      :	9869758660	

Summary of Skills:

Positive Attitude to work in a cohesive team environment,
team-contributor.

Good communication, management and presentation skills.

Desire to learn new skills and excel in given parameters.

Having Good Knowledge of Banking Domain.

Having Good Experience and Knowledge in Data Migration Activity.  

Work Experience: 	

Company	: CMS

Duration	: Feb 2007 Till date

Designation	: Data Base Administrator

Job Profile	: Joined as Databases Administrator for  Client Development
Credit Bank.

Company	: Kalpataru Computer Services Private Limited

Duration	: May 2005 – Jan 2007.

Designation	: Support 

Job Profile	: Worked as a SQL programmer/Support with experience and
expertise in     

               		       software and system planning, design,
configurations, databases, and product  

                            testing / evaluation and installing,
upgrading, and  maintaining software.  

                           Excellent time management and organizational
skills. Also Handled Networking    

                            related issues.

Company	:NIIT Vivek Centre, Goregaon (W).

Duration	: Sep 2001 – March 2004.

Designation	: Machine Room Faculty

Job Profile	: Guiding students during their practice sessions and
helping them out with logic and                      

                            program flow and assisting them in their
Semester Projects.Taking Backup maintain   

                            Database back. Creating data for testing
purpose at the back  end. Also Handled  

                            Networking  related issues.

 

Database Administration (SQL Server 2000)

Installation of SQL Server 2000.

Disk Space Management. 

Creation Databases and various database objects and privilege allocation
on various database objects as per application requirements.

Creation of new stored procedures according change of structure.

Testing the Store procedure.

Monitoring the Database Servers.

Backup of Database Servers and Logical Logs Using DTS/Restore utility.

Creation of index objects, running update statistics scripts to maintain
system catalog tables up to date, reorganization of tables that are
overly fragmented for improving the performance.

Technical Skills:

Languages	VB6.0, 

RDBMS	MS-SQL 2000

Web Technologies	ASP, DHTML, HTML, CSS, Crystal report,IIS

O.S.Platform 	Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows 2003,Linux



Project Experience:

Project Name	: Data Migration 	

Responsibility  : Coding, Testing and Implementation at Client place.

Platform	:  SQL server 2000.

Description	: The existing Data of the client  was migrated from there
existing system  

                            (oracle Database) to  our Database  SQL
2000.The data of Transaction done by 

                            customer and Customer out standing balance.

Project Name	: Data Migration as well as Interface	

Responsibility  : Coding, Testing and Implementation at Client place.

Platform	: Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0, SQL server 2000.

Description	: Data Migration is the utilities through which we can
migrate the data from their   

 	  existing Database to current Database. We migrate the data of Slips
and billing.  

	  Prepared the Stored Procedure for pulling the data from existing
Oracle system 

	  to SQL2000 database. 

Project Name	: Depository Back Office System                

Responsibility	: Support 

Platform	: Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0, SQL server 2000.

Description	: Kalpataru’s software captures the data Like client
information, ISIN, Market     

  Rate etc. from DPM (Depository Participant Module). This software did 

  transactions like Client to client, Broker to client etc. then upload
to DPM and   

                            also utility to convert the DEMAT.

Project Name	: LADS (Loan Against  Demat Shares)

Responsibility	: Testing   

Platform	: Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0, SQL server 2000.

Description	: Lads is a software Which allows you to take Loan Against
shares. Branch    

  module was on Web which was prepare on Active Server Page and the HO
part  

                            was Done on Visual Basic 6.0

 

Personal Details:

Qualification			:B.Com from Mumbai University  

Professional Qualification	:DNIIT from NIIT.

Date Of Birth			:5th July 1982.

Hobbies			:Reading, Listening music. 

Address			:S/2/20 Shree Dwarakadish HSG Society,

                                                     Bangur Nagar,
Goregaon (w).

                                                     Mumbai 400090.

       

Place: 	Mumbai						                        Vinit Naik

