Curriculum Vitae

                       

  Rakesh Kumar Niwariya	                            		    D-21, Sagar
Housing Society.    

                                                                        
                             	    Sec –10, Koparkhairne,

                                                                        
                            	    Navi Mumbai

                                                                        
                             	    Contact No. 9967456090                
         		                                                             
                             Email Id:   HYPERLINK
"Rakeshniwariya_20Sep@yahoo.co.in"  Rniwariya@yahoo.co.in 

   

Objective:  

  To work in an environment where I will be able to prove my ability and
where  

              I have an opportunity to enhance my knowledge and
capability

Experience Summary:

E –BIZ Technocrats (P) Ltd., Gwalior

          Software Developer (Aug. 2006 To 28 May 2007)

          Design and Development of Application

Qualification:

M.C.A. from M.I.T.S, Gwalior (R.G.P.V., Bhopal (M.P.)) in 2006 with
65.81%

Other Certification Courses:

Dot Net from Orbit Computer Center, Hyderabad (A.P.).

SQL SERVER 2005 and VB.Net from Active Net Informatics Pvt. Ltd.,
Hyderabad (A.P.)

Technical Proficiency:

Operating System       :            Windows 98, 2000, XP,

Languages                   :            VB. net. , C#. Net, Xml

Database                     :             SQL Server ,MS-ACCESS

Web Designing           :             HTML, FrontPage

 Projects Description :

Project in Working period

Title: - Procurement Management

Description: The objective of this activity is to ensure that
appropriate resources are employed, that the process of selection is
fair and that the quality of work is acceptable.

Procurement Management - Guidelines 1. The vendor evaluation criteria
need to be listed clearly. 2. The process of selection should be fair
and based solely on the criteria. 3. If you want periodic reporting, you
need to make sure it is included in the contract. 4. If you want to
validate that interim deliverables are acceptable to your company, you
need to agree on completeness and correctness criteria ahead of time. 5.
The scope of work needs to be clearly defined in the statement of
work/contract. 6. Ensure that you document who retains ownership of the
source code and the product. Agree upon and document the credit terms.

Environment	:	VB.Net, ASP.Net, SQL Server 2000

Team Size            :           4

Responsibilities	: Configured Design Screens, Developing Logics and
Implementation. Involved in Developing Complex Reports.

Academic Project:

            Title: - Human Resource Management System

                  Description: The benefit administration module permits
HR professionals to      

                  easily administer and track employee participation in
benefits programs ranging  

                  from healthcare provider, insurance policy, and
pension plan to profit sharing or  

                  stock option plans.

               Quickly and easily create accurate savings and insurance
plans, as benefit plan set-up interviews take you step-by-step through
the entire process. You can track unlimited benefit plans, define
eligibility criteria, and automatically calculate precise employee,
dependent, and employer premium and benefits costs. Benefits history
reporting allows you to generate reports on employees' prior benefit
elections, and changing employees' benefit plans from the current year
to the following year can be accomplished with a click of a button.

Environment	:	C#.Net,ASP.NET, SQL Server 2000

Team Size		:	3

Responsibilities   : Developed logic and construct code using C#.Net,
ASP.Net

Personal Details:

    Father’s Name		:          Shri R. D. Niwariya

                Date of Birth		:          20th  - Sept- 1979

    Languages Known		:           English, Hindi.

    Leisure time activity	:           Playing Cricket and Chatting. 

    Permanent address	:           In front of MPEB Colony, Vikram Nagar,

                                                Hoshangabad (M.P.) -
461001.

         

Declaration:           

   I hereby declare that the information provided above is true and I am
solely responsible for its accuracy.

Place:  Mumbai  					                       Rakesh Kumar Niwariya

