Career Objective: Permanent position in the Information Technology
field. Areas of interest include programming and development using
technology J2SE and J2EE.

	

Career Synopsis

Sun Certified Java Programmer with experience in working on a tool based
on .NET Framework and recently involved in projects based on Java
technology platform 1.4/ J2EE technology 1.4. I have Excellent
analytical and interpersonal skills coupled with effective
communication, negotiating skills and 2.4 years of professional
experience in handling Clients, Managing a team and handling/allocating
projects and all the internal processes/planning related to it.
Capability to work with and provide leadership to the technical teams &
business analyst teams.                            

Additional Certifications:          

Certificate	Score	Date

Sun Certified Java Programmer – (Java 2 Platform 1.4)	91%	18th
Feb’07



I am currently preparing for SCWCD (Sun Certified Web Component
Developer for J2EE 1.4)

Work History: 

Ugam Solutions Pvt. Ltd.	        Jan 2005 – Present

	  HYPERLINK "http://www.ugamsolutions.com/About_Overview.html"  Ugam
Solutions is a leading provider of Market Research, Analytics and Online
Marketing Services and also IT enabled services to global organizations.
With the right combination of strong domain expertise, highly skilled
and motivated people, robust internal processes and systems, and a
state-of-the-art computing and telecom infrastructure, Ugam Solutions
ensure consistent, high quality service delivery to its clients.  

	Designation: Programmer/Client Coordinator

	 

Responsibilities:

Programming using a tool called Dimensions .NET which is based on .NET
Framework. This powerful tool based on OOPS concept not only helps to
collect data and run programs efficiently but also provides an adept
graphical user interface using HTML, JavaScript, CSS and other web
tools. Programming involves having benevolent user interface and user
collecting data competently. Along with these skills I also co-ordinate
for all the projects/non-projects assigned. My job responsibility also
includes handling and managing a team of junior programmers who are
working for two of our Clients. Providing them training regarding
programming, testing and project/non-project related internal
activities, which involve planning and allocation of projects.
Updating/Creating/billing/closing of the projects the team has worked
on. I have also been given opportunities to take a lead and call a
meeting. 

From past 8-9 months I have been into internal project called ERM. This
tool helps to collect data from employees from day to day basic. The
project involved technologies Java and J2EE. The ERM tool maintained all
the projects in the database along with the time spent on it by every
employee. Along with that it has helps managers and planners to maintain
all the projects and project related information to be added, removed,
updated or viewed. This tool has a very important factor as far as
economy of our company is concerned since the revenue being generated is
based upon the time being entered by employees. 

Java Projects

ERM – Employee/Project Management Tool

Synopsis         ERM is our company’s internal robust tool developed
for maintaining employees profile, project   

details from all the clients and other information which needed by all
employees. This tool is used by all the employees everyday to fill in
the project details, manipulating them according to the changes and also
bill them as well. This tool not only allows you to manipulate data and
view it, we can view it in different formats like graphs, pie charts
etc.. depending on user selection. Apart from that managers can use to
view his team’s performance, each employee’s performance, how much
he/she has been billing or working for a particular project, different
levels/phases of project on which she has been working. 
Planners/Mangers can manipulate/feed or view the data of any project if
he is authorized to view/modify it. The data can be retrieved in
different forms and files. This presentation of data can also be
forwarded to the client so that they can understand the record of any
project at our end. 

Tools/Languages Used	Java,  J2EE, Microsoft SQL Server 2000.

Split it – Application

Synopsis	Split-it is a very easy to use console based application. It is
very useful to split a large file so that you can send it across the
network/mail it or just store it in a small sized storage disk like
Floppy disk. The user has to give the path of the file with the filename
and type the size (in bytes). File is divided into parts having size
specified by the user. The user also has the option to merge the files
into one as it was original using the same application. The user has an
option to save the file in any extension he wants. 

Tools/Languages Used	Java

Achievements:

     Designation	from Date	to Date

1. Junior Programmer	31st Jan 2005	31st July 2005

2. Programmer	1st August 2005	31st July 2006

3. Programmer/Client

    Coordinator	1st August 2006	till date   



Technical Skills

JAVA, Microsoft SQL 2000, JSP, Servlets, JavaScript, Struts, Visual
Basic, C, C++, C#, ASP, HTML, CSS.

Educational Qualifications

BSc. (I.T.) - 	R.D. National College, Mumbai University (2004) 

	

Personal Details

Name: Atul Ramesh Sawant

Age: 23

DOB: 8th March 1984

Sex: Male

Marital Status: Single

Nationality: Indian

Address: A-7/31, Nabard Nagar, Thakur Complex, Kandivli (east), Mumbai
– 400101.

Contact_No: +919833718322, 0228546872

Languages Known: English, Hindi and Marathi.

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best
of my knowledge and belief.

Atul R Sawant

Atul Ramesh Sawant 

(Mobile: 9833718322

  Res: 28546872)

A7/31, Thakur Complex,Nabard Nagar, Kandivli (East),Mumbai 400101.

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:atulsawant84@gmail.com" 
atulsawant84@gmail.com ,   HYPERLINK "mailto:atulsawant84@hotmail.com" 
atulsawant84@hotmail.com 

