Resume

Amit G. Gulhane                                       

B/16, flat no. 110,

ShivSagar Apart.,

PMGP Colony, Mahakali

Caves road,                                 Mobile No.-9967549141

Andheri(E),Mumbai-93.                E-mail
:amitgulhane111@indiatim獥挮浯഍伍橢捥楴敶㨠

	Intended to build a career in Software technology with leading
corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people,
which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential.
Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment.

Experience Summary :

2+ years of experience as Software Developer (Oct 2004 to till date).

Earlier worked for Saakar Sloutions,Pune.

Presently working with HCL Technologies Ltd.

Summary:	

	2+ years experience of building web based applications using Java,
JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JNDI, HTML, XML and Oracle8i.

	Hands on Experience on Apache Tomcat 4.x, OC4J 9.0 application
server,WebSphere 6.0.

	Able to understand OOPS design concepts and design in MVC.

Educational Qualification :

	B.E. (CSE) from Amravati University with 68.00% in 2004.

	H.S.C. from Amravati Univarsity with 74.50% marks in 2000.

	S.S.C. from Amravati Univarsity with 74.13% marks in 1998.

Skill set :

Programming Languages :  C, C++, Java/J2EE. 

Operating Systems           :  Windows 2000/NT/XP.

Application Servers          :  OC4J 9.0, Apache tomcat 4.x.

Internet Technologies      :  JDBC, JNDI, Servlets, JSP, EJB, XML, HTML.

DBMS                                 :  Oracle 8i/9i, Ms-Access,DB2.

Projects Details :

Project #1:

Title	eCMATS

Client	State of Tennessee,U.S.A.

Technologies	JSP, Servlets, JDBC,HTML.

DataBase	Oracle9i

Application  Server	OC4J 9.0 Application Server

Operating System	Windows XP



Synopsis:

                The Enhanced Case Management and Activity Tracking
System (eCMATS) is an application for the Department of Labor and
Workforce Development (DLWFD) & Department of Human Services (DHS),
State of Tennessee. eCMATS is the application based federally funded
project that  provides assistance to workers affected by job loss or
their hours and wages are cut due to increased imports or a shift in
production to a foreign country. Workers whose company is an upstream
supplier to the primary company or a downstream finisher may also apply.
The goal of the Trade Act program is to help trade-affected workers
return to suitable employment as quickly as possible. The Employment and
Training Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor administers the
program.

Team Members: 11

Responsibilities:

Responsible for requirement analysis of the application.

Creating Module Specific Information Document.

Developed the presentation layer using JSPs and HTML.

Developed the Java server pages and EJB for MVC architecture.

Project #2:

Title	NCCS

Client	State of Nevada,U.S.A.

Technologies	JSP, Servlets, JDBC, HTML.

DataBase	DB2

Application  Server	WebSphere 6.0 Application Server

Operating System	Windows XP



Synopsis:

                The Child Care and Development Program provides subsidy
for low-income families in Nevada, as well as financial aid to providers
who wish to improve quality for the early care and education of children
in Nevada. Each of Welfare’s non-profit contracted agencies provides
full resource and referral services, at no cost, to any Nevada
family.NCCS will also support the collection, storing and facilitate
reporting of information to the federal government.

                 Child Care providers will have the choice of submitting
attendance for subsidized children attending their facility through a
web site or paper documents.

Team Members: 27

Responsibilities:

Responsible for requirement analysis of the application.

Creating Module Specific Information Document.

Developed the presentation layer using JSPs and HTML.

Developed the Java server pages and EJB for MVC architecture.

Project #3:

Title	Attendance Monitoring System Using RFID Devices(Smart Card)

Client	HIMSOraganizationLtd.(India)

Technologies	JSP, Servlets, JDBC,HTML, Ms-Access

Application  Server	Tomcat 4.0

Operating System	Windows XP



Synopsis:

                This application based system is basically used for
maintaining attendance data of all personnel of company or students and
professors of college in a very sophisticated and easy-to-use manner.
Its power lies in the fact that this system can be used in centralized
way so that many departments can be involved in this system. The purpose
of the system is to generate reports of all the data that is stored in
centralized database and print those report to be sent to the
authorities if and whenever required. This application is based on
three-tier Architecture consisting Java front-end, Business logic at
middle tier, MS Access database at backend. 

               Database connectivity using JDBC with Ms Access as
backend.

Team Members: 5

Responsibilities:

Responsible for requirement analysis of the application.

Creating Module Specific Information Document.

Involved coding review of the system.

Developed the presentation layer using JSPs and HTML.

Demonstration of project to client.

Project #4:

Title	Online Library Management System.	

Client	Govt. Engineering College,Amravati.

Technologies	JSP, JDBC, Beans, Servlets, HTML, Oracle8i 

Application Server	Tomcat 4.0

Operating System	Windows XP



Synopsis:

.

ˆ

 

,

.

Z

†

ˆ

˜

œ

 

¦

#ˆ

œ

଀. JDBC/ODBC bridge is used to connect the Oracle database. This
system is intended for maintaining records of  different departments and
handling student as well as professor details. Authorized user enters
all the reports and details and appropriate action is taken accordingly.


Team Members: 4

Responsibilities:

Responsible for requirement analysis of the application

Creating Module Specific Information Document.

Involved coding review of the system.

Developed the presentation layer using JSPs and HTML.

Personal details :

Name		      :   Amit G. Gulhane

Date of Birth	     :   07-04-1983

Marital Status   :   Single

Language          :   English, Hindi, Marathi

Contact Address :    s/o G.A.GULHANE

                              Matoshri Bhavan, Sambhaji Nagar,

                              Digras-445203.Dist-Yavatmal.

                              Ph no.-(07234) 222907. 							            
                                                                        
 Amit G. Gulhane

