CURRICULUM VITAE 

Pravat Chandra Tarai

Contact No:9867393350	     	

pravat.ct@gmail.com

Objective:

	Experienced Software developer seeking a challenging position as Web
Application Developer in Java/J2EE where expert technical skills,
extensive knowledge of web applications, excellent interpersonal and
analytical skills will be fully utilized and further developed, while
being resourceful, innovative and flexible.   

                  Professional Summary

Having   2+ years of experience in web based J2EE development project.

Experience in Core Java,Servlet,Jsp,Struts,JDBC,HTML and Java Script

Basic Knowledge in Web Sphere Portal (IBM or JSR 168 Portlet).

Experience in WebSphereApplicationServer6.0, Apache Tomcat 4.1

Working knowledge in Struts.

Exposure to RDBMS like Oracle 8i,Ms Access

Solid Understanding of project Life Cyle Development Methodologies

Well-organized, efficient, good team player, quick learner,
self-motivated & with excellent logical and programming skills.

Involving in different phases of software development of Modules.

 Professional Experience:

Presently working  in MM Software Solution Ltd as a Software Engineer
from Dec,2004 to till date.  

Professional Qualification:

            Master in Computer Application (MCA) from Kalinga Institute
of Industrial Technogy (KIIT)

            (Deemed University) in 2004.

Technical SkillS:

		Web Technologies			:HTML,Java Script,Xml

            Languages				:Core Java,C++

J2EE Technologies	:Servlet2.3,JSP2.0,Struts1.1,Websphere portal(JSR 168
or IBM Portlet), JDBC2.0

Operating Systems			: Windows 9x / NT / 2000/ XP

RDBMS					: Oracle 8i

Web/App Server			:Websphere6.0,Tomcat 4.1

Frameworks				:Apache Struts 1.1

IDE Tools				:Eclipse 3.1 

Projects exposure:

Projects #1

          Title			: Locker Processing System

          Technologies				: Servlet2.3, JSP2.0, JDBC2.0, HTML & Struts
1.1

            App sever				: Web Sphere  6.0

            Platform		: WIN 2000

            Database				: Oracle 8i

            Role					: Software Engineer

Description					:The main aim of Locker processing system is to develop
a web based application. It is an Intranet application, where it could
be accessed within the organization. The employee of the organization
can keep track of the customer details from the time when the locker is
assigned to the customer, till the locker is surrendered. The detail are
like locker number, locker size, locker cost, locker access activities,
payment details, report generation etc.Locker processing system provides
an inexpensive way to your locker management process and simplifies the
accounting process.Locker processing system automates each
process,beginning with the system setup to locker rental like fixing up
the size,cost,number etc,then keeping track of all the activities of the
customer with the locker like accessing,renewal,surrender,billing
details etc.Management reports allow the branch and corporate managers
to review the important aspects of locker service.This project is
divided into 4 Modules.

Responsibilities          : Involved in coding of  the JSP pages using
Struts Framework.

                                    : Used Servlets  for  request
processing.

			  : Writing codes for client side validation using JavaScript	

Projects #2

          Title			: e- Admission Process

          Client					: Flagship Solutions (P) Ltd.(FSPL).

          Technologies		: Servlet2.3, JSP2.0, JDBC2.0, HTML & Struts 1.1

            App sever				: Web Sphere 6.0

            Platform		: WIN 2000

            Database				: Oracle 8i

            Role					: Software Engineer

Description     		: The e-Admission Process is dealing with providing a
unique platform for both admission and the same time the placement of
the students the targeted visitor to get a suitable job after their
study the states most precious colleges. This project is starting from
displaying the college information to the placement of the student. The
student will first visit the website of the Flagship Solution. In this
website the student will have to gone through the login and password to
registered himself. Then the student will have to register him self in
the particular college for his course. This project is now providing
only the course named Post Graduate Diploma in Customer Service
Management (PGDCSM). After getting the course from different college the
student again have to register them in the placement shell as provided
by the Flagship Solution. If a student is not able to get the campuses,
then he will have to be in panel to get next opportunities until he is
not got placed.  

          Responsibilities          : Involved in coding of  the JSP
pages using Struts Framework.

                                               Used Servlets  for 
request processing.

				: Writing codes for client side validation using JavaScript

Projects #3

            Title			: Purchase Management System

Technologies				:Servlet2.3, JSP2.0,JDBC2.0, HTML,Java Script

            App sever				: Web Sphere 6.0

            Platform				: WIN 2000

            Database				: Oracle 8i

             Role				: Software Engineer

                         Description             		: This project is for
automation of purchasing of National Aluminum Company Ltd. It is used
for distributed processing of purchase that is taken place in NALCO,
Anugul. The Company is using both consumable and spare parts in order to
meet its requirement. Hence the company has to purchase those parts from
outside parties. The purchase of parts starts from indenting of the
particular parts by the respective group-in-charge. Then Notice Inviting
tenders are published to attract the parties. The vendors are examined
based on their credentials submitted. Then the respective user
department examined the quality of the product .The selected vendors are
given the purchase order. Store has the responsibility to collect the
product from the vendor. Store can generate OSRD. According to the
purchase order, no of reminders and OSRD the vendors are evaluated. This
project is consisting of seven modules, of which I have been given two
modules. The Indent generation and NIT generation. 

Responsibilities : Involved in writing code for Server side programming
using JDBC,

                                  JSP and Servlets.Writing codes for
client side validation using JavaScript.

Project #4

           Title                                                
:e-Business Transaction

           Technologies	                               	:java,jsp
2.0,Servlet 2.3,html,JavaScript

            Web sever                                      	:Tomcat 4.1

            Platform                                         	: WIN 2000

            Database                                        	: Oracle 8i

             Role	                              	: Software Engineer

 Description   :     It is an intranet based application system
developed for the chinwaq,uk a       B-2-B business company operating
through out uk.This system to be implemented in the company’s own
intranet with windows 2000 environment.This system is intendedto
maintain business transactions done through the company’s B-2-B
portal.This system will maintain its transaction details for each order
done on the e-commerce web portal.This system consists of product
catlog,Retailer/supplier,system,order monitoring system,client/order
tranaction,sale/purchases etc.  

           

Responsibilities   : Involved in writing code for Server side
programming using JDBC,

                               JSP and  Servlets.

                    Writing codes for client side validation using
JavaScript

             

            PERSONAL PROFILE:  

                       

              Name				              :PRAVAT CHANDRA TARAI 

              Date of Birth                                      
:04/03/1979

              Sex                                                   
:Male

              Hobby                                               
:Playing Cricket and Listening Musics  

              Language Known                                
:English,Hindi,Oriya

              Marital Status                                     :Single

   Email Address			   :   HYPERLINK "mailto:Pravat.ct@gmail.com" 
Pravat.ct@gmail.com 

	   Mobile No				   :9867393350 	 			

Place:                                                                  
                         

Date: 

